Well, I've never had an order delivered in [NUM] hours and [NUM] minutes... disgusting, in a word.
Delivery always takes significantly longer than the stated time.
Delivery delay
Excellent service, if only they would expand the range - Tea nestea [NUM], [NUM]l And much more
The support is crap, the couriers are [NUM] minutes late
let the staff call before canceling the order
Good job! Improve the quality of the goods provided and don't push delayed goods.
👍
I wish there were pizzas
For a long time
Already
Very long delivery
Not permanent
The last few times they brought rotten vegetables, which was visible to the naked eye. The support team responds with scripts. No respect for the client.
Often low quality products and long delivery. The assortment is small and not varied. Unfriendly couriers.
Very long delivery, it often happens that the courier arrives [NUM] minutes after [NUM] order
Only in exceptional cases
It's fast, but you can't make very large purchases because it's expensive.
It wouldn't hurt to expand the range
Nothing good
I don't understand why after [NUM] the minimum order amount is [NUM], this is complete nonsense
I wish there was support sooner.
They gave me moldy tomatoes and eggs with a shelf life of two days.
They started delaying the delivery. Over the last [NUM] months, they have never met the [NUM] minutes deadline.
Usually when I go to the store I spend less money than if I shop with you
Prices are generally expensive!
It is necessary to increase the range, the products are often monotonous, recently the delivery time has been delayed, sometimes significantly, which is strange given the large number of couriers, free delivery is an advantage, but the prices are high
They often deliver goods that are about to expire.
Products arrive rotten, broken, couriers are ALWAYS late
Everything is bad. Try the products of the branded scooter yourself.
Previously, you could use the services with pleasure. Now, not only is delivery from [NUM]-[NUM]-[NUM]!!! They also take half an hour to get there
Very long delivery
The delivery is supposedly free, but the markups on the goods are insanely high, a scooter is when there is no other way out. In other cases, it is better not to have a scooter
delivery is slower than in Yandex. the assortment is poor. Yandex is better 😡
Quality, and today I am ready to pay for it. But if my life changes - then perhaps I will not be ready to overpay so much)
Deadlines are not always met
It's a shame the casserole went to waste!!
Couriers are crap
The courier arrived and mixed up the order. He said he would go now and arrive in [NUM] minutes, he was gone, then in [NUM] minutes, he was gone. We ran back and forth like runners looking for the courier. In Russian, you can say that you will be there in such and such a time. It's a mockery.
everything is great❤️
Write [NUM] min, deliver in [NUM]-[NUM]
I often encounter a situation where I want to order a position, but the application says "sold out". The number of positions needs to be increased, that is, make all positions always available.
The delivery speed has noticeably worsened and is no longer your advantage. X[NUM] groups are also delivered in half an hour without a minimum order amount and free delivery when ordering a package. The range is of course wider there
They've become incredibly slow to deliver. Considering that there's a store near every house now, it's easier to go there yourself.
The courier did not deliver part of the goods, forgot the second part in the car, later called and said that he would deliver it and never did
Reduce the load on the central processing plant to [NUM].[NUM], and also return the break. It is impossible to work [NUM] hours without a break, with a crazy load of heavy orders and constant bad weather for [NUM] rubles per hour.
Long delivery, previously they gave a discount for delays
Not exact delivery time, i.e. it is impossible to plan delivery time. It is not possible to track where the courier is.
Very long delivery. No answer to phone calls.
It is very convenient that the price for delivery is small - when there is no possibility to go out, it is a real salvation. I would like the fixed amount to be lower, for example [NUM]p
They accepted the order but didn't deliver it
Nothing good
Best wishes
sometimes too expensive, vegetables are rubbery;(
Where are the discounts? -_-
Great
Today they brought sour pilaf! And it has happened more than once: something sour, something rotten. Tomatoes are always in torn packaging, scattered all over the bag. Grapes - rotten. It's a shame to throw money out into the air.
They often deliver torn and open, crumpled, and are always late, also, constant markup of the order price, when it's the last money, there is something to spend it on, and the dissatisfied faces of the couriers are enough
Delivery has gotten worse lately.
Good grocery delivery, but prices are sometimes [NUM] times higher than in regular stores
High prices
Long delivery! Declared [NUM] minutes, in fact an hour
There is something to work on. Thank you.
Horrible online store!!!!!Products are not always fresh! Especially red fish!!!Refunds are slow, you have to sort it out for a long time because money was written off twice…………the last purchase was absolutely disgusting!!!The order was cancelled, but the money was written off!!!!!!!
The courier's work takes a random amount of time from [NUM] to [NUM] minutes, I made this conclusion from the order history. Percentage discounts do not work correctly. Prices sometimes differ greatly from some chain stores.
For the most part, everything is great. Very rarely, but it happens that couriers ruin everything in terms of service.
Prices for products worth [NUM] rubles are multiplied by [NUM], it's just crazy, we've been using other apps lately
You are all posers, the real ones choose BMX
Everything is cool, but sometimes something is missing!
Fast, inexpensive, tasty
Delivery is occasionally late. I order to different addresses and everywhere the same problem. The app itself freezes. Sometimes, at the most necessary moment, the app does not work at all. The products themselves have the appropriate expiration date. Bread is delivered [NUM]-[NUM] days old.
Delivery is actually more than stated almost always, prices are [NUM]-[NUM] times higher than in the store
-
You never know if they will deliver late or not, there are few popular items and they are sold out
Convenient, fast, but few products and expensive, much more expensive than in the store
Delivery within an hour, although previously it was delivered in [NUM] minutes
Overall it's okay, although a bit expensive
Delivery is very long, but not always
Sometimes you take a long time to deliver
Everything is very slow
Very often they deliver low-quality goods, and when communicating on the phone they are rude when they call from the dark store.
My sister and I order from Samokat to the same address Dunayskiy [NUM]/[NUM], they always deliver to her without delays, on time, my orders to the same address ALWAYS arrive very late, we even once made two orders to the same address, the story is the same.
Good luck
Couriers are constantly late, initially, everything was great, there were not enough promotions, of course, but it was great! Now - it's terrible! Couriers are constantly late, so what's the point of using a scooter? You can also order Yandex delivery with such a time.
are you often late
There are often delays and there are problems with the quality of the goods.
I think you should give a gift with your order if you are late!!! Not only do you raise the minimum amount, but you are also late! You are a [NUM] minute delivery service! YOU POSITION YOURSELF THIS WAY! Then give us coupons for delays, why [NUM] min
The app is a bit laggy. I don't know, maybe it's my phone's problem...
Thank you!
You constantly delay the order for a long time
Delivery used to be fast, now there are constant delays
There were a couple of unpleasant incidents, but mostly good and convenient service.
It's possible to live
The second time I took red oranges and the second time they were rotten 👍
Speculators
It'll do for once
P
There are a lot of errors in the composition of the products. Support takes a long time to respond. Diverse assortment. There are products that you can't buy anywhere in our city, except for Samokat
Very convenient service! Initially we were delighted with the speed of delivery, the quality of the product, the cost. We ordered delivery daily. Now we use it less often, it is delayed, the cost is high, and the discounts for being late have disappeared, and they often bring a low-quality product
Dislike the minimum order amount either in [NUM] or in [NUM]₽
[NUM] minutes waiting for an order for [NUM] drinks and ice cream from the delivery section in [NUM] minutes!!! Support feeds with breakfast
A very strange system of excluding from the order a product that is out of stock, no notifications about this, very long delivery to some addresses
There is a lack of tracking of the courier, because very often they are delayed for an indefinite period
Convenient, fast. I don't need more products with the label "scooter", they are cool
If delivery could be improved, everything would be great.
Delivery is sometimes very long. Products are delivered in disgusting condition. The assortment is not very large, sometimes the most popular products are not available.
Well, the service is average.
Delivery time is longer than indicated in [NUM] cases out of [NUM]; the range is much narrower than in the same Yandex Lavka
The support is just the bottom! You are recruiting nothing but Woodpeckers! Who cannot solve elementary problems!
The prices are very high
.
yes
why don't you have Bern Energy
I would like more choice and discounts
Norm
P
It's annoying that they ask what you have in your order or the order number.
Delivery takes an hour instead of [NUM] minutes, this is a huge minus, it used to be much faster
A lot of things vegetables and fruits are spoiled
Delivery [NUM] minutes, but they never arrive in [NUM] minutes
The bread they brought wasn't fresh.
The scooter has become very expensive!!!
Long delivery, in [NUM]% of cases the delivery arrives much later. The couriers are not native Russian speakers and it is much more difficult for them to explain their location. They often do not read the comments to the order how to find an apartment
It takes a very long time to collect the order
Give me a coupon and I'll give you the highest rating everywhere.
It is very convenient that you can order and it will be delivered quickly (although not always), but the quality of the products is poor.
Poor selection. Want more choice. Don't like the quality of the prepared food, and the baked goods are often dry. Like the recipes, presentation of information, and delivery.
Your delivery is fast and free - that's a plus. The price is too high for many products.
The waiting time from the moment of ordering until it is processed and collection begins has become long. Because of this, it is often easier to place an order with another delivery service, where the order is processed and collected faster.
I am not happy with the expiration date of the products, the products were slightly wrinkled upon delivery.
Super fast delivery
Disgusting company that takes a long time to deliver and often with spoiled products
It will do
Delivery, which had never failed before, this time made me wait for more than an hour. No apologies or consoling discounts for the next purchase. Terrible customer focus.
Sometimes the order delivery time is long - more than [NUM] minutes
Very cool service, the app is very convenient, but the delivery is long, I order almost every day, yesterday the order was delivered in [NUM] minutes.
❤️
I don't like that children calmly buy energy drinks from you! Even after the complaint, nothing has changed. Otherwise, it's a very convenient store.
Lately, I have ordered from you several times, but I waited a very long time!, sometimes [NUM]:[NUM] hours and sometimes more, I always wrote to support and just answered (we have a lot of orders), so I stopped ordering
bullshit
Long delivery, not fresh products
You work very slowly, where is the coffee?
It is inconvenient to monitor the delivery. The tracker time does not correspond to reality. It is more convenient to see the courier on the map. Couriers ignore the comment "leave at the door" - my dog ​​barks every time I knock
You work great. I would order from you more often if the price of your products was lower.
Pay couriers extra for heavy orders, they are not horses.
Well done 👏)
Sometimes the delivery doesn't meet your expectations and they don't even warn you, the last time I waited an hour. They answered in the chat when the delivery had already arrived and gave me a discount of [NUM]%, which doesn't compensate for the fact that I waited so long. Some products are expensive.
Very often there are delays in delivery
Terrible service and quality of many products. The promised time is not observed, which disrupts the fast delivery of [NUM] minutes by [NUM] times. The whole family stopped ordering and switched to a more loyal service. Lavka and Ozon. Your operators are rude
There is little choice and the prices are higher than in similar services. I am glad that the delivery is free, I use it only because of this
They started to deliver the order slowly, without warnings
Overall good, but the quality of the products suffers
Some prices are much higher than in stores
I don't think anything
In terms of delivery, you have no equal. But the prices and sometimes delays (I have encountered)
It hangs
Previously, delivery was within the stated time, now it is [NUM] times longer
Well done 👍I wish the delivery would arrive faster, but I understand that it is impossible by bike
There was a promotion "buy from [NUM] p and get a chance to win an expensive accessory for [NUM] p." My sister got a speaker for [NUM] thousand, she ordered and paid for it. And they brought her a speaker for [NUM]k, arguing that this was the only one left. I think this is a dark pattern.
Delivery has started to suffer, now not the promised [NUM] minutes, but from [NUM] minutes to [NUM], [NUM] hours
Telegram support does not respond. Not all products are delivered and in poor quality, then you have to call the hotline. It is not always possible to get through. In addition, you have to wait for delivery [NUM]-[NUM] times longer than the specified time!
Delivery has become very long, more than [NUM] minutes. It is easier and faster to get to the store.
Everything is cool, only a very small selection
Delivery is very fast, polite couriers. The range and prices can be improved
Inconvenient design and arrangement of product categories on the main page. I would also like to view product photos directly from the list, rather than going to the product card
Long wait in the evenings
There are very long deliveries in the region of [NUM].[NUM]—[NUM] hours and there is no discount on the next order as it was before!
Good service, but sometimes the products are of low quality (expired) or due to improper storage (several times there was sour milk) and problems with discounts. When recalculating the total amount, it is clear that the discount percentage is lower than in the description of the promotion
very long delivery, support takes a long time to respond and sometimes they deliver rotten goods
Expensive and little choice
Unfortunately, expired products have started to be delivered frequently.
It would be much better if there were more sugar-free products, protein bars, etc. in the assortment 🥲
Today I have been waiting for an order for more than an hour, the point of your service is lost. Do not take orders then, if you understand that you cannot cope in this time period, or warn about the increased delivery time
Fine
Delivery [NUM] minutes too long and minimum order amount is high
Products under the brand name scooter should be put into a separate category, and the range of other products, other brands should be expanded
everything is great
The delivery limit is high
I practically stopped using it when the minimum order amount appeared. I used to be a regular customer. The situation with delivery speed is also very clear. If the darkstore used to be in an industrial area, now it is in the neighboring house, and the delivery time has increased
Often the products come with moldy cucumbers. I have already contacted them, but honestly I am tired of it, I just throw them away and order from Yandex shop
Sell ​​only the best products. And work with local farmers.
You bring the wrong products that were ordered, you substitute at least vegetables/fruits. You cheat with promotions, discounts, you blocked my husband when he wrote to your support about an incorrectly calculated discount.
Long
Ready
Too long
Everything would be great if delivery actually took [NUM] minutes
Delivery times are always violated, finally open a darkstore nearby. Stop delivering illiquid and expired goods to customers. And don't raise prices on some goods. Sometimes they are unreasonably expensive.
Prices
Super 😻
Very long delivery, which does not correspond to the stated time. Almost never delivered in [NUM] minutes
Like 🤝
The courier is often late. And the ribs in red sauce "butcher's word" always run out. I recently took [NUM] packages and they all turned out rotten, although the deadlines were normal
Very small selection with high prices. I don't like that you can't leave your order at the door.
The peppers were delivered spoiled and rotten.
Sometimes delivery takes a very long time, about an hour, but overall the prices are good
Delivery takes a long time. Prices are high.
Everything is great
It's great that you deliver quickly, but often there are spoiled goods and it's terribly annoying when something is "sold out", you can keep more goods in the warehouse so that there is enough for everyone. Sometimes there are no basic things, like factory bread.
Very convenient and good. But after my incident with shares, my opinion changed a lot
[NUM]. Delivery has become much longer, what is the competitive advantage? Pyaterochka delivers to me faster. [NUM]. Something from my bookmarks is constantly missing. [NUM]. Add normal tasty bread to the assortment!! I beg you 🙏🏻
.
more variety and it will be awesome!
Prices are often higher than in the store, and the selection is much poorer, but delivery is the deciding factor
Mold
Give me my money back!
Often the expiration date of products is approaching, delivery "fast" is actually [NUM] - [NUM] minutes. Long response from support.
Lately, couriers have been delivering orders in [NUM] minutes, [NUM]-[NUM].[NUM] hours... not in [NUM] minutes. After all, that's your thing - fast delivery, but in the end it's not there...
You have stated delivery in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, but you started delivering in no less than [NUM], this is not right.
Norm
Closed packaging for delivery so that couriers do not have access to the contents of the order.
Very few promo codes or rarely offer goods for [NUM] rubles
They started to take longer to deliver, in support I want to talk to a real operator, not a robot, and your prices are too high✨
Always overpriced on many products and always high minimum order amount. Your DarkStore is [NUM]-[NUM] minutes walk (not bike!) from my house.
I would like to receive products fresh, and not with an almost expired shelf life. I can say the same about fruits/vegetables.
The service has deteriorated. In most cases, delivery is much longer than with Yandex. + prices and cost of minimum delivery. Samokat has begun to significantly lag behind competitors in these points, which is why I use it less and less.
Any intersection will deliver your order within an hour!
Everything is cool. I like everything!
I like your store, and the couriers here are very cool!!!!!
Couriers never meet the [NUM] minutes deadline. Most often you wait [NUM]-[NUM] minutes
Not all scooter products are worth their inflated prices
Often Long delivery
I hope someone will read this. I've been using the scooter for over a year now, the service performs its functions properly, but during all this time of use there were [NUM]-[NUM] very sad cases when I was extremely dissatisfied. But overall, everything is cool. <[NUM]
They brought defrosted pureed berries
You know it yourself. The number of requests to support speaks for itself. Delivery time and support, especially!
Poor selection
Initially everything was great. Afterwards the delivery time increased, often the courier is late (although he writes that he will be with you any minute). Also, in my opinion, the interface is completely incomprehensible intuitively, but this is a matter of taste. The slider left by the door should be fixed.
Lately they never deliver in [NUM] minutes, customer support can't help with this, and the range could also be increased
Very long delivery
Long faggots I don't know how it is
You don't have an exact time for your order. Couriers are constantly late, disappear, and sometimes don't even arrive with orders.
Frequent lateness
DISGUSTING!!! [NUM]h of waiting for an order versus the stated [NUM],[NUM]h - this is outrageous.
A lot of products are delivered with expired dates or with expiring dates coming up. And the prices have been raised. Previously, Samokat was the best delivery service, the products were top notch. I ordered all the products only there. And now only when necessary
Norm
When there are no other options, then it's fine. I don't use it on a regular basis. It's expensive, there's no way to replace the product, the support service works on [NUM]
The shop is better
The quality of assembly and delivery leaves much to be desired. Several times expired products were delivered
They take a long time to deliver, they have never delivered within [NUM] minutes. Food from the Samokat brand is complete crap. Sausages for [NUM]₽ are impossible to eat, absolutely. When they first opened it was great, but now everything is sad. The products are always some kind of strange. Honestly, my opinion.
They mark that the order has been delivered but it is not there yet
The choice of products is sometimes very small, you don’t even know what to take, so it’s easier to go to the store
Lately, delivery has become very slow; you can order from a full-fledged store and it will be delivered faster.
Recently, spoiled products have been delivered and the quality of delivery has deteriorated.
[NUM] minutes waiting for delivery, unthinkable long
Reduce prices to retail stores, increase product range
Couriers at the [NUM] sapper are the best
Horrible delivery, the order took almost [NUM] minutes to arrive, the ice cream without thermal bags turned into mush
The necessary goods are not always available.
Average service, support is disgusting, no interaction with couriers.
Very long delivery, it says up to [NUM] minutes, or that the courier will be right there, but in the end the delivery is on average [NUM]-[NUM] minutes
Very long delivery. You do not meet the specified timing.
It used to be better when delivery was from [NUM]₽! Now it's acceptable [NUM]. They deliver super. The guys are great. The products are fresh! Everything would be fine, but the prices spoil the picture a little. Another plus is that you can write off Sberbonuses and they are credited. It's really cool😻👌🏻
I would like more desserts and discounts, we love you
Very often there are delays either from the courier or the warehouse, which is not very good! What's the point of writing that [NUM] min if you don't meet this time?
Convenient, mobile, simple
Constantly delayed delivery, surprisingly even in the warm season. Overall the service is not bad. I use it sometimes.
👍🏻
When you deliver everything on time and as it was in the basket, then [NUM]/[NUM]. But when delays exceed the set time and reach about an hour, you yourself must understand what state the client is in and his reaction when there is expectation/reality
you take sooooo long to deliver orders (‘verified ripe’ avocado turns out to be completely unripe (the quality of prepared food has deteriorated significantly (prices have increased by [NUM],[NUM] times)
I really like everything, but the order takes a long time to assemble and sometimes there are no products.
The prices are quite high. Exorbitant prices for fruits and vegetables. The marketing ploy is understandable with a smaller weight. But [NUM]-[NUM] grams for the price of a kilogram is brutal. It is impossible to make [NUM] baskets. Put in a separate folder what needs to be bought for tomorrow, like a list
😭😭😭😭😭😭
At first, when the scooter first appeared, everything was fine, delivery was within the stated [NUM] minutes, but lately, it's just awful, it's getting worse and worse. The last delivery was [NUM] minutes! This is unacceptable, the point of the service is lost.
it got worse because of the price increase, few discounts, everything is fine with delivery, it would be great if they added onigiri, gluten-free pasta
Very long delivery
Very long time
Prices are higher than competitors, delivery takes a long time, there are couriers who do not know Russian and who do not know how to find a doorbell. The advantages include excellent quality of products under the Samokat brand.
Everything is ok, but when I'm hungry at this very moment you delay the order!!!!
Great and convenient app, but delivery is often delayed
Delivery has become long
Very long delivery. Previously, they delivered in [NUM] minutes or less, but now you can wait about an hour for express delivery.
Specify the actual remaining time and show it on the courier's card.
It's a very long time, the second time we've been waiting for an order for more than an hour🙈
Yes
Open a darkstore already, the package takes half an hour to arrive, the couriers are always late and you don't even give discounts for that crap
Freshness sometimes fails
I have been waiting for [NUM] minutes for the delivery to be handed over to the courier and I don’t know how much longer I will have to wait and this is not the first time this has happened!
They didn't return the money for the last order, and he was also rude, I advise you to be better with customers
You delay the order, then when the courier arrives and you can't wait two minutes, when the person comes down, your couriers cancel the orders!!!!!! Disgusting service
Delivery is fast, but the price of the goodies is disappointing
Few products. And "discounts" on products, the cost of which in Magnit is the same as without a discount
Very long delivery
expensive
Everything is fine, but put all couriers in uniform, there were several misunderstandings, because the courier did not have identification marks
The best food, but delivery is free from a certain amount, I really don't like that
Lately delivery has been very slow.
Couriers are crap, support is also irrelevant
You can call if the product is out of stock and offer a replacement, and not just take it and remove it from the order. And do this without warning
Lately, delivery has been taking a very long time. Every product quickly expires. There are very few discounts.
Sometimes the goods are not fresh
The drinks section suffers, especially juices. There is simply nothing to buy in this section. It is worth adding more affordable products. The prepared food section should be improved. The quality and taste of prepared food does not match the prices for it.
The couriers are not responsible, they are always late, they don't read the comments to the order
Waiting just for order assembly [NUM] minutes is too much!
Delivery takes a long time. Often there are delays.
Everything is good, but the prices are sometimes very expensive and delivery is not [NUM] minutes
Delivery over [NUM] minutes
Sometimes delivery people don't speak Russian at all. It's disgusting.
Horrible, pickled tomatoes are horrible!!!
the order was earlier from [NUM]p
Sometimes it is very convenient to order what you need, fast delivery. But once I ordered yogurts and buns, the yogurts were spoiled, the buns were hard and the deadlines were missed, I never got through to customer service, the products were thrown in the trash.
The scooter has gone bad in our area, you have to wait [NUM]-[NUM] minutes for orders, delivery from Pyaterochka and Magnit is faster. Although the service itself is promising, their own products are awesome, but the delivery has become terrible.
Long delivery, problems with couriers. Inconvenient payment
You can do delivery not from [NUM], but at least from [NUM]
Little variety
Fast, high quality, but prices for many items are much higher than in other stores
Bring in stale goods with expiring expiration dates
Delivered to me in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes
Very long delivery, minimum order from [NUM]p this is very bad
😛
The courier was late by [NUM] min.
Make a minimum order amount [NUM]
They take a very long time to collect orders
It's very strange that you can only order from a certain amount. If I don't have that amount of money, then how can I order food for myself?
They often require a large order amount. It is not always desirable to gain [NUM] rubles for one milk
Expand your range
The prices are higher than those of competitors "Yandex Lavka", so we rarely order here.
Terrible, there were [NUM] with some bonuses, thank you, I decided to pay with them, the amount came to [NUM]p, and in the end [NUM], I had to put the goods aside, and the bonuses were all written off anyway
Hello, you advertise new croissants, but they are never available((
The price of some items was simply multiplied by [NUM]
Long delivery
Orders are constantly delivered to certain addresses with delays
I think it could have been better!
That the minimum order amount was from [NUM].
I started ordering with delivery from [NUM]P, it's really convenient, so as not to go to the store across the street. Now, as with most deliveries, the minimum has increased, and as I understand, this is not the last time, so I'm moving away from shopping, only in "emergency" cases
Expensive
Terrible delivery, VERY LONG
Shit
Prepared food too often arrives spoiled, I will not order again. Otherwise - fast delivery, nice prices, good choice, products not made by you are excellent:)
I always think about you when it's too late to leave the house or when I urgently need something. And I also think about you as a service that has changed my life and consumer behavior: thanks to you, everyday affairs and ideas have become much easier
Scooter is a very good company, very convenient, you don't have to go to the store and they deliver quickly
Lower prices by reducing the range of products
Very long time
[NUM] times there was a delay
You deliver orders for a very long time, it can take up to an hour to assemble an order, you write about delivery in [NUM] minutes, but in fact it can take [NUM], [NUM] hours. If you are very late, give a gift in the form of a discount... They write a lot about this, but there is absolutely no sense in it.
Fast
Every time the delivery is very long, it is stated from [NUM], but always at least [NUM] minutes, this is still in the best case, then write from [NUM] minutes delivery, so that you know in advance when to expect the order
They take a very long time to deliver the order!!!
Delivery takes longer than they say
The delivery service has dropped significantly, the products are the same, nothing new appears (in terms of food)
Lazy bastards couriers, rude support, do not solve problems, answer with scripts
Delivery too long
I would like to see delivery not only in [NUM] minutes, but also from large stores - there would be more choice
Very long deliveries
The delivery went wrong. Too long.
Yes.
Waited for delivery [NUM] minutes! Although it says [NUM]...called support, they said they would check and call back in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, [NUM] minutes passed and they still haven't called back. I was late for the meeting because of your delivery!
Fast, but they usually deliver in a crumpled state... sometimes there are products with mold or expired. It's good that support reacts to this, but I want to get a fresh product right away.
- the quality of fruits and vegetables is usually average and the cost is high, - I want more variety - I will give an example of Vkuss Vil
Long delivery, wrong delivery time
Very slow delivery lately
Guys, everything is almost cool, but the prices are too high!
In general, the idea of ​​fast delivery of products is amazing. Own production and small markups on goods are also a great idea. But, the quality is not quite adjusted. And I, friends, periodically come across situations when vegetables or greens or salad leaves are rotten
Good, but expensive
Slowly
expensive
👹👹👹
Good ctm, sometimes I would like to leave tips for couriers - the fact that delivery is free is great, but sometimes you order a lot and would like to thank them.
They started delivering much longer and with delays. The assortment is good, especially of our own production, and it would be good to simply increase it, but some goods, especially sweets, are very expensive, while non-sweets are quite reasonably priced, relatively competitive
The minimum order amount has become too high. In the evening, there is no such load on couriers to set a price of >[NUM] rubles
Change suppliers. There are many others. The price is astronomical, but you don't get full and it's not tasty. Kitchen Itl? Who is this? Where is it from? Horrible food!
Very expensive
I don't like that when ordering the minimum order amount always increases, when I downloaded the app it was from [NUM] rubles. Then from [NUM]..[NUM].[NUM] etc.
Often, bad products arrive. For example, I ordered cheese, I urgently needed it for cooking, it arrived moldy, I called support, they said they would replace it within half an hour, in the end [NUM] hours passed and if I hadn’t called again, the cheese wouldn’t have been delivered.
And
The support is so-so. Couriers often take a long time to arrive. If it says that we will deliver in [NUM] minutes, then I wait for the courier for [NUM] minutes. But sometimes it takes more than an hour. The support can't say anything about this 🤷🏻‍♂️
Why is the order from [NUM] rubles??? What nonsense((
You need to work with the application, sometimes it takes a long time to load, you need to find normal developers, but these ones should be thrown out (I hope the developers don't read this 😅)
Everything is great, but the order criteria from [NUM]₽ is sometimes annoying
I want to improve the quality of goods. Sometimes they deliver expired goods or goods with mold
You can't order meat - everything is bad. I also don't take vegetables, fruits and especially greens, because everything is delivered in poor condition. Well, and it's unrealistic to return all this "goodness" later, because the cart is openly ignored, and there is no way to contact via the app.
Support should not be improved, but replaced. Pricing is laughable. Look at Heins ketchups and "discounts" now, most products are overpriced
I am not happy with the change in the price at which delivery starts
This is not the first time I order something and they deliver a completely different product!
The grocery delivery took an hour.
They delayed my food many, many times.
Terrible customer service, when they tell you that the order was delivered in almost an hour and a half (given that it should have been [NUM] minutes), they say sorry, we can’t help you, maybe next time we’ll deliver on time
When it's not the first time that an order is delivered with errors, and instead of a solution they offer a discount, then they solve the problem at my insistence, and then they refuse the discount "due to lack of technical capabilities" - this is unprofessional. Disappointed.
Increase delivery speed, enter promo codes for waiting more than [NUM] minutes
Very few products, big markup
The app may display a delivery time of [NUM] minutes, but in reality it will take more than [NUM]
The discount when ordering with a promo code is unclear - what did it ultimately apply to and what did it not apply to
Overall, I like everything, but the couriers are often late.
Nothing
Fast delivery, always correctly assembled order. Fewer promo codes and promotions for regular customers than competitors.
not bad, though once I got an unpleasant courier. no one ever complained about the closed yard, especially since there is a security number on the fence, and they will gladly open for you. it does not depend on me, but this woman started yelling, and then left the order at the door)))
I wrote 🏋🏻‍♀️
Everything is great, except for the last delivery. We don't see the waiting time - the courier is late, the courier will be here soon... As a result, we wait and are now late ourselves.
You are not meeting the delivery deadlines
You write that delivery is [NUM] minutes, in reality it’s all [NUM], and it says that the courier will be there in a minute, wait [NUM]
It's incredibly annoying when the minimum order value skyrockets! Once, my order was delayed for more than an hour, even though I live in a fairly remote area. No one even apologized for it! I thought they would at least give me some kind of promo code for rubles for [NUM]-[NUM].
Expensive
Previously, delivery was much faster, now delivery takes from [NUM] to [NUM] minutes
High prices, but good discounts
Fast delivery, very helpful!
long delivery. often spoiled products with spoiled shelf life, rotten vegetables/fruits, watch the quality of what you sell! If an alternative with quality and speed appears, I think many customers will leave you for competitors, because of the "holes" in work
It's all very long
You are cool
Relatively small selection, often delayed delivery. Overall, not bad, but sometimes you want more choice
I played the game Dictionary, spent time getting a promo code, it turns out the promo code can only be used for the first order. This should be written at the beginning of the game so that I don't waste time on incompetent support, figuring out why the promo code doesn't work
It used to be a great store, but something has gone wrong lately. Every order is Russian roulette: What they will bring is of inadequate quality. It's a shame (
Often the products delivered are not fresh, often it happens that the goods are good for a day or two (the support team always responds that everything is fine, that's how it should be). Couriers are often late
The service is not bad, there is not enough choice
Convenient and simple
It was stated at one time, but in fact the delivery was made much later.
Weak support service, periodically products with expiring shelf life or improper storage. There is no compensation for the goods, the same Lavka immediately gives promo codes for future purchases or fully compensates. Prices are on average higher than in Lavka.
expensive. I would like it to be available 24/7
The prices are inflated beyond belief, the range is zero, you only promote your own products, when linking a new card you can’t just insert it, you have to type it in, it’s wildly inconvenient
Sometimes for a very long time
Lately, couriers often take longer than the stated time. I am ready to wait if they warn about it in advance.
everything is great but there are few products and delivery sometimes takes a long time
I think poorly
The delivery of products is fast, but not always of high quality. The prices are higher than the market prices.
The quality of the products is suffering... spoiled food is often delivered
Suitable for ordering one-time products at the moment of "wanting something". It is not profitable to order products in large quantities. Sometimes spoiled products arrive. Not because the expiration date is violated, but storage conditions, apparently.
Long wait
Delivery speed has dropped
I would like fresh products to be delivered in [NUM] minutes)
Delivery takes a long time
Everything is great
Very bad
Delivery became from [NUM] rubles just during the day on a weekday. And not [NUM] minutes but half an hour! What is your advantage then if the products are more expensive? The search really needs to be improved, it is not always possible to find the necessary products in the appropriate categories
Previously, delivery was on time, but recently the service has become worse
Products in poor assortment. Regular interesting products constantly disappear. For example, chicory. Not a single product by this name was found. Very high prices. The section with products for [NUM] ruble is constantly not working! Several times they brought expired goods!
Customer reviews would make the choice much easier)
Why announce a delivery time and then constantly break it? And no apologies or perks for the long wait.
OK
Expensive prices
I understand that this is difficult, but I want to eat ready-made food from today, not from yesterday or the day before.
Terrible app, operators don't work, don't solve the problem. Couriers generally drive very slowly
Very often, stale vegetables are delivered; the warehouse does not monitor the expiration dates of products
I don't like your prices, they are very high.
Very long time
Three times I received ROTTEN smoked herring from the same production date - [NUM].[NUM].[NUM]. The money was returned, but the mood was spoiled, plans were disrupted. Several times I received sour milk or milk that was close to expiration date.
Everything is great except for delivery
The scooter hasn't been delivered in [NUM] minutes for a long time! Not once in recent times have they been delivered on time
In every order there are goods of substandard quality
very long delivery
Why is it so expensive?
There are many expired products and the quality of the products leaves much to be desired, while the prices are higher than the market prices.
Delivery is constantly late, we need to increase the number of couriers. It would be cool to make it [NUM] hours.
Delivery time, if you position yourself as a delivery in [NUM] minutes, please deliver within the promised time and if you are late, immediately provide a discount on the next order
Good delivery
Everything is fine except for the delivery, it took much longer
Good, convenient. When you don't want to leave the house, but often, the picture does not correspond to reality🤨 for example, soap with an orange, but comes with a tangerine. Sometimes delivery takes up to an hour. Why do I overpay then?!
Narrow assortment. Often there are no necessary goods in stock. Discounts were only at the beginning) the price increase is too open. Pros - fast delivery from:
The quality of the fruit is not always good
One of the big disadvantages is that they deliver stale goods.
.
Delivery over [NUM] minutes
support is so-so, once they wrote off money for an order twice and did not believe me when I presented evidence and did not want to process a refund. delivery people often mixed up orders and brought someone else's. well, and the prices are too high 🤷🏻‍♀️
The worst service... Several times they forgot to put certain items, the customer service is useless. The couriers are rude, the delivery is always late
Disgusting customer focus. They deliver products within [NUM]-[NUM] days. They can forget the items.
Customer support is crap, the operators are slow and have not read the normal "script", the order pickers are "pike perch" who have not heard about the freshness of the products, they put expired products in the order and do not know how to put wrinkled products on top of the package!
Convenient service, with slightly overpriced prices. In case of overload, support does not respond at all. Often they bring products of not very good quality (rotten vegetables, fruits, crushed products).
Lately delivery has been very slow. You position it as free, but in reality there is a huge markup on goods. Little choice
The quality of the company's products varies greatly from batch to batch, getting worse and worse each time. Delivery is always late, although it is max [NUM] min (even though the comments to the order say no delay. I appreciate it) and time has disappeared from the order information
They never arrived on time))
In some places the price tag is too high, if you compare you with Yandex.lavka, I will buy there if possible, the selection is bigger, the price tag is lower, in the application you can farm plus points while you wait for the order, and the couriers are also more motivated to deliver faster
Almost always the prices are [NUM] times higher than in stores
Very long delivery
Everything is super, the quality of vegetables, fruits and everything that spoils quickly is disgusting, always old
Hello! The quality of the goods has deteriorated, they often deliver low-quality products. Samokat has always been famous for its fast delivery, but in the end I have waited for my orders for more than an hour several times. The assortment is floating, something runs out, they do not think to replenish the goods.
You always take a very long time to deliver
In the evening, sometimes you think that you won’t get the courier, it’s such a long wait
The fruits they always bring are the worst, the prices are higher than in Perekrestok or Pyaterochka and there is a small selection
Delivery has become very slow, you promise fast, then write that your delivery takes [NUM] minutes. It was better before, of course.
Very few items and often there is no needed product and also delivery is very long
👍🏻
everything is fine, guys! sometimes delivery is long and this is unacceptable, the prices are normal, I tried many products under the brand name Samokat, it was delicious 😋
Yes, it's fine
Well done
The milk was expired
everything is great, review the prices and add more choice
often long deliveries and a small selection
I won't write everything, but delivery in Pavshinskaya floodplain needs to be strengthened, each order means a wait of [NUM] minutes
Long delivery
I order fruits and vegetables less and less often from a scooter, because they arrive either spoiled or completely unripe.
Delivery almost always goes beyond the stated time, instead of the stated [NUM] minutes, they deliver in [NUM] hours, and in the supermarket, instead of the stated [NUM],[NUM] hours, they delivered in a whole [NUM] hours!!
Orders are mixed up and delayed
Norm
Slowly
Great delivery, but the prices are just exorbitant... the same discounts when the benefit is [NUM]₽... they just won't help here
Bad delivery
You are a piece of shit
they started being late and removed many discounts, which is why I lost the desire to use the service so often
They take a very long time to deliver, maybe there aren't enough couriers. But if I know that I'll have to wait for [NUM] minutes for Yandex shop, then here everything can be very delayed
A good app, but when you need an order at the most important moment, it takes the longest to deliver 🥲
Comfortable
Thank you bonuses were not allowed to be written off
Long delivery
Delivery instead of [NUM] stated minutes takes from half an hour and more
And what's more, raise the salaries of couriers, they are the ones making you money!
Not a serious organization
Overall it is very convenient, but very often there is a minimum order amount, which makes you refuse the scooter services
It can be better
Not fresh fruits vegetables greens
The minimum order amount changes before your eyes. You don't have time to collect it, as it grows again, and this happens several times
The delivery is constantly delayed, either they can't find the courier, or the app says "the courier will be here in [NUM] minutes", but in the end [NUM]-[NUM] minutes pass. The products they deliver are good, no complaints, all the deadlines are fresh, the vegetables and fruits are wonderful. But there are constant delays
Disgusting feedback. The delivery contingent and their behavior are absolutely terrible.
The most multidimensional things are [NUM] times more expensive, well that's too much
Small selection, but there are items that you want to come back for. But the delivery is disgusting, couriers who do not speak Russian and call [NUM] times because they cannot read the address and pronounce it into the phone!
normal
🐎
convenient to order, everything is relatively good and convenient
They started taking too long to deliver
Cancellation of the order without reason and notification. Products, especially greens, are always delivered spoiled
Add more croutons
Constant delays in delivery. All plans and schedules just fall apart
The order takes a very long time to be delivered
Lately, there have been occasional problems with delivery times. I would like to see a wider range.
Everything is good, fast, but sometimes you order hot and they deliver it cold.
Constantly being late
Well done!
I couldn't apply any promo code
The collector put the wrong item in
They constantly bring rotten meat. [NUM] has already encountered this once. Each time they promise to solve the problem and nothing changes (
Orders are being collected for a very long time and couriers are taking longer than stated to arrive
You don't meet the buyer halfway!!
Why is it not possible to make changes to the order before assembly? What stupidity! I placed an order, paid, and immediately saw that I had missed one item, called tech support, and they said that I needed to place a new order.
Prices are much higher than in the store. Customer support takes a long time to respond and does not solve anything. There are few promotions where the price is really good, and not three times too high, and then like a discount of [NUM]% and in the end it comes out more expensive than in the nearest Magnit or Pyaterochka.
It's become very expensive. It's easier to go to the store yourself.
I would like the employees to look more carefully at the appearance of the products (especially greens). And the support team to look more carefully at the quantity of goods for return.
Very cool and really convenient service! However, the prices are sometimes disappointing. Especially when the minimum order price increases depending on some conditions. In this case, I would like to see more discounts and promotions. Also, sometimes the delivery fails(
The quality of the meat is disgusting, I threw it out twice, although it was delivered with a good expiration date.
everything is good, but the choice is not big and delivery is often very delayed
I really don't like the restrictions on the order amount for delivery
Delivery has become extremely slow
Very often the order amount is increased, the courier does not deliver the order on time, most often
Always long delivery, please do something about it already
Very long compared to competitors
Open the "Halal" section in the menu
Lately, you have to wait longer for your order, delivery is indicated as [NUM] minutes, but in reality, it only takes [NUM] minutes to assemble the order
The courier does not ring the doorbell
Delivery is not [NUM] minutes, but [NUM]. Some goods are damaged during packaging or delivery
It's become terrible, orders are delivered in [NUM] minutes - an hour, instead of the promised [NUM], it's already annoying to wait, and support can take more than two or three hours to respond
Long, does not correspond to the specified delivery time, there is no map so you can not really assess where the courier is, two deliveries were issued and as a result both were delivered in about an hour, provided that the gift store is nearby
Long delivery
You need to write: we will deliver in [NUM] minutes
It's annoying that the delivery costs are always different. In most cases, you have to not order at all, or order in another app. I rarely notice products on sale. The range also needs to be expanded.
High prices, some items can only be ordered when they are on sale! The price is very high.
I often order ready meals from the breakfast, lunch and dinner section. The selection does not change. I have to look for alternatives (for example, Yandex Lavka)
Get more couriers, because Yandex.Lavka is now delivering goods faster than you
Everything is ok
The prices are very high. Even the promotional items are priced higher than the store ones. But it is still convenient.
Fruits and vegetables are taken from the trash, prices are outrageous compared to a regular store, support needs to spend a long time explaining that a poor quality product has arrived
Terrible delivery. Delivered in [NUM] minutes.
Constantly high minimum delivery amount, which was not there before, while orders are now delivered [NUM]-[NUM] times longer than before. The range of competitors is also much better. It is easier for them to pay for delivery and receive the order in [NUM]-[NUM] min.
They take a very long time to deliver orders, for two days nothing works at all, they don’t even start to assemble the order 🙄
It's terribly long!
Very long time
I really like the fast delivery, but a couple of times there were spoiled products, moldy bread was delivered [NUM]
I would like an understanding of the delivery time if the courier is delayed. "Just about now" is extremely inconvenient.
Alcohol is needed
Minimum order value is too high, [NUM] rubles
The idea is not bad, but the execution is poor. Periodically, you bring expired food, broken fruit. Sometimes couriers cancel the order if they can't get through to me, although they didn't try, and why should I call if the address is correct
Fast delivery and great opportunity to use promo codes
Delivery has become just awful, before they delivered strictly on time, now they stretch out the time as much as they want, on the principle, many clients, they will wait. Many clients - does not mean that the attitude towards them should become indifferent! Clients and their time must be respected!
So-so
I don't order vegetables and fruits, because they always bring rotten and old stuff. The cabbage was rotten inside, the carrots were soft right away, the peppers were dented, the buyer himself wouldn't put such things in his grocery basket in an offline store. There used to be more promotions.
For unknown reasons the order was cancelled
It's annoying that you order delivery from the [NUM] section in minutes, and it can arrive in an hour. And no one even warns you how long it will take. The app simply says - the courier is on the way. And it's unclear whether his journey will take another five minutes or another hour.
It says [NUM] minutes. In reality it's much more each time.
If you compare it with a shop where delivery is faster, the products are better quality and it has never happened that an order was not put together correctly, something was not delivered at all, etc., then yes, the scooter still has room to grow and grow.
I don't think about you, sorry.
super
The loaf is not very fresh
Always late shaqaz
Using dark patterns, selling a casserole made from something containing milk next to a normal cottage cheese shop, is very bad(( writing about delivery in [NUM] minutes, but delivering it in [NUM] is also not very good, you need to be faster than the shop in deeds, not in words)
It is necessary to store the goods correctly
There have been frequent problems with product quality
Very often couriers are late. If this happens, you need to show some loyalty to the client, a discount or cashback
dick
Scooter is the best
very rarely when ordering fruits I receive quality products, then less than the declared grams (not +-[NUM] grams but more), green or rotten fruits arrive. If there is a cancellation of the goods, the customer is not warned and is not offered a replacement. there is moreremarkable
If [NUM] minutes are specified, the courier cannot deliver the order in [NUM].
Everything is fine but there is constant delay
The courier has been late many times in a row, last time he was more than an hour late
A very short wait for the courier at the entrance in case of a non-working intercom. Sometimes there is no way to go down because you are with a small child. That is why you order a courier and do not go to the store yourself. And in the end you are left without a product.
There is a lack of halal products! Very often vegetables are not fresh
-
Berries and fruits in general have become terrible, regardless of the delivery address, before the quality of all goods was much better. Prices have become many times more expensive than similar services, per unit of goods there is a [NUM]-[NUM] ruble price spread. Colleagues have switched to BB
It's good to buy only with promo codes or big discounts. Otherwise, the prices are too high, and sometimes you bring expired goods.
Why write about [NUM] minutes and never finish it, apologizing every time?
They brought an unripe avocado. I ordered it to make a salad right away, I'll have to wait a couple of days, apparently.
Everything is bad
The sections in my opinion are just terribly made, complete chaos, a lot of useless selections (on purpose, to distract and make you buy something unnecessary?), because of which the search for what you really need is delayed. Well, and the courier service))) a separate song
I think that the scooter is very interesting delivery because it is called a scooter and it delivers on bicycles
Everything is fine
It says the courier will be here in [NUM] minutes. Since the intercom doesn't work, I went outside and waited another [NUM] minutes.
It happens that the appearance of the product suffers due to the courier's fault
Lately the time indicated for delivery and the actual delivery are very different. Please improve the delivery speed or indicate the actual delivery time.
While I was ordering products for the minimum amount of [NUM]p, I clicked on payment and there was already [NUM], within two minutes I added to [NUM] and clicked on payment, there was already an amount of [NUM], very bad, minus to your karma 🙁
The couriers are great guys, but the prices really are steep.
The app is glitchy when you order to different addresses. Prices are higher than in stores.
Everything is great, but there is no function to view the courier's address during delivery. It would also be nice if couriers read the comments to the address.
All Samokat products are tasteless, but it seems to be the most of them. I would like more products from normal companies. The quality of Samokat products is low, the price is high. I buy them sometimes out of desperation. When I'm too lazy to go to the store. Or wait a long time. They deliver quickly.
Couriers put orders on the other side of the door, it's hard to figure out which way the door opens
[NUM] times already let down, it says that delivery [NUM] minutes, but in the end it's from [NUM],[NUM] hours. [NUM] times there was a glitch in the application, I understand that, but [NUM]-oh - there are just a lot of orders. Then you don't need to take them if you don't have enough strength or warn that the wait has increased
the best
bullshit, long
I've been waiting for over an hour, it sucks
You declare one time for delivery, in fact in [NUM]% of cases you are late. At the same time, tech support answers the same thing: sorry, not enough couriers. So if you don't have enough couriers, why write the minimum delivery time? Write real periods
Shit
The minimum order amount is sometimes too high, but overall the app and service are convenient
Delivery often fails
Expensive
fast delivery, very cool, I like everything
You look cool
Many items are often unavailable and there is a small selection of some products
Don't monitor the quality of products
Periodically confusion with orders and long delivery times
It would be great if you could deliver the products by a certain time.
Delivery from the end of the city arrives faster than the scooter that is in the same building where I am.
The order is not delivered within the promised [NUM], or even [NUM] minutes. Often, products with an expiring shelf life.
Very strange system for changing delivery address
Couriers often have to explain how to find the apartment, so that they don't find it in the end. If you only mark "leave at the door" but don't write the same in the comments to the order, then they definitely won't leave at the door
Zbs, but more products without sugar, products from Samokat Topchik, natural
Tolerable
Very long delivery. No warning about delays. Prices are too high for delivery that went very wrong.
Very, extremely long delivery time
Not bad, but twice they brought meat with an expiration date that expires in a couple of days. It already came with a smell.
There were a lot of situations that spoiled the impression, regularly bring not fresh products, or on the contrary not ripe, for example avocado, there were a lot of delays, impolite couriers, I don't like that if there is no product then they just cancel. The letters are finished
Great
I changed my phone! And now you are forcing me to create a new account with the loss of all purchases, bonuses and privileges
I don't like that Felix has disappeared and the prices for cat food are much higher than, for example, "Ozon". I think that the audience of "Samokat" is quite well-off and we want to order premium quality food for our pets. So why not include them in the delivery?
It takes a long time to collect the order.
Sometimes the products they bring are not of the best quality.
Delivery is too long, and almost every time, there is a defect every time, I just don’t always contact support, the prices for some products differ significantly from the store, I ask to put in a fresh one, they put it in when there is [NUM]-[NUM] day left until the write-off
Sometimes there is little choice
Lately, delivery has become very slow.
The courier takes a very long time to deliver the order. Very often the application says "the courier will be with you soon", but it takes another [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. Make a map with courier tracking like in Yandex.Lavka or solve the problem with time
It's a bit expensive and the vegetables and fruits are not fresh!!!
Ass ate panties
When there was free shipping, it was better(
super app, but this condition in delivery from [NUM] rubles is frustrating
Customer focus has simply dropped to zero.
Always very long delivery. Yandex delivers in [NUM] minutes maximum, although delivery is paid. But paid delivery with a high level of delivery is better. That's why I rarely order from Samokat now. The service is very bad(
Fast, convenient! But the quality of the products is so-so 😕
They brought soggy ciabatta
Well, they're not bad
I think thoughts
Poor assortment, including medical products. Your main advantage is fast delivery, which does not take [NUM] hours like in ozon. Excessively high cost for the small weight of the goods.
You constantly fail to deliver on time. You increase the minimum amount for delivery, write that you will deliver in [NUM] minutes, but in fact the delivery time increases.
shit
The most uncustomer-oriented support. When asked when and why the order will be delivered, the answer is incredible: they will deliver, well, [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. They can't help. The time in the application differed from the actual time by [NUM] minutes. [NUM] was indicated, in fact [NUM] had already passed.
You are good, but sometimes you wait an hour for the courier, not [NUM] minutes
Instead of the [NUM] minutes stated in the app - often the order is delivered only in an hour. Delivery in an hour is not a problem, but people place orders with the specified time in mind. And sometimes an order in an hour is simply not needed.
Lately all the goods arrive damaged. Cola, ice cream, etc. And it's always like that
Cool
Couriers constantly don't arrive to my address on time...
Overpriced, slow couriers. Technical support does not always respond.
Everything is fine, but recently the delivery has been very delayed
I really like it, in fact, it was the first time I ordered products from Samokat
Very long….
In principle everything is good, but sometimes the products that arrive are not very fresh
Delivery is stated to take [NUM] minutes, but they often deliver in half an hour. A couple of times they delivered spoiled products, but returned the money for them after the request - thanks for that.
They started delivering very slowly. Very slowly!
Very long delivery. Write [NUM] minutes, but in fact all [NUM]
Please make an order from [NUM] rubles, otherwise it turns out inhumane
The last [NUM] deliveries are something. It's just nerves. I made an order an hour ago and nothing. They can't credit bonuses normally, they delivered rotten fish, one package from the order ended up in a different order. Horrible. Just horrible. It takes a day to resolve the issues.
Lately, delivery time has increased greatly (it used to be [NUM]-[NUM] minutes), now it’s from half an hour to an hour, it’s terrible.
Orders have been arriving much longer since the opening. The menu search is convenient only with manual search. Small selection of product range.
There are bad products, but the support is top notch.
Shitty company, long delivery
Fast! Dairy and meat products, and sometimes greens leave much to be desired. Very often stale products are delivered. Perhaps incorrect storage conditions. I stopped ordering these items. Sometimes there is no option to pay for an order in cash.
Almost always fast
Very good app, but quite a small selection + the starting price is a bit high. Better to make it +-[NUM] rubles
The prepared food is not very tasty.
Sour milk products are often brought in
Lately they have been delivering low-quality products (avocado, ready-made food) and for quite a long time
In the evening, delivery is delayed by half an hour or more. The second time I ordered milk from a scooter and it was sour, when heated it shrank and turned into flakes. Hass avocados are sometimes overripe, rotten. Couriers are sometimes rude.
Vegetables and fruits are not always of good quality, and there are expired products
It is very difficult to contact you. There is a bot in Telegram, it looks like a lack of respect for customers. I was brought cold pizza three times, which should have been hot, and I couldn't even tell you about it, because your support is crap
OK
Horror
Long order assembly
You are constantly late
Long delivery
The selection is small, in the same Lavka the choice is huge, and the delivery time is now far from [NUM] minutes.
Delivery times have increased significantly. Previously, you could order your favorite Samokat products for breakfast, but now they arrive after breakfast. It's sad.
An app that promised fast grocery delivery in [NUM] minutes delivers in [NUM] hours
Long delivery times and high delivery costs during rush hour
Direct competitors (Yandex) give a [NUM]% discount if the courier is late. You only have "sorry". Sad.
I really like the speed of delivery
Poor quality of vegetables and fruits. Often rotten ones are delivered.
I think you need to use recyclable packaging for your products. And also indicate this on the product card. Improve delivery so that there are no plastic bags.
It is possible to deliver on time
How shitty discounts work...
There have been constant delays with orders lately, so there is no point in ordering from you at all, because it is more expensive, and in terms of time with delays - it turns out to be the same
prices are too high, delivery times are often violated, products often arrive in damaged packaging
The service used to be better: promotions, delivery, prices. There are more goods now, but what's the point for that kind of money))) and your couriers have changed significantly. Those who can clearly and distinctly speak Russian refuse to work for your salary?)) but the prices for things have become higher)
Prices are often [NUM] times higher than in the store. It makes sense to buy something only on sale
Everything is great, I don't understand the pricing of the minimum order amount
The service is positioned as a convenience store, delivery within [NUM] minutes, the order amount was available, but now at the time of ordering it changes within [NUM] minutes. The service has deteriorated
Almost always the products that arrive are not the freshest; in the same Sbermarket, for example, they always choose products with an expiration date of at least [NUM]% of the remaining expiration date.
The app lags, it's a bit inconvenient to search for products, lately all orders come either at the last second or are late. Prices have gone up a lot
Well, that's it
Nothing
If it weren't for the high prices for the order itself "delivery from", it would be [NUM]/[NUM], this is the only thing that needs to be improved
Why do you write that delivery is [NUM] min, but it delivers from [NUM] min? And teach operators to communicate with people
Fast, convenient delivery, good range of products. Sometimes the app dies and takes away nerves and time. There are not enough promo codes not only for new users, at least sometimes.
Deliveries are very long. The desire to use this service disappears.
[NUM] compensation for spoiled branded products scooter!!! [NUM] when some product is not available but you find out about it only after they brought the package I bought two thousand worth of products because of one milk which they didn't even put in for me what nonsense
Couriers rarely arrive within [NUM] minutes, so remove this slogan. The prices are clearly too high for all products.
Delivery takes a very long time, you don't get any apologies for this from the support
We've been waiting for an hour. City center. What's going on?
Everything is fine, but the carrots in the order were sour and rancid.
Overall, it's a good service, but I use it as a last resort, there are other, more interesting deliveries
I am not happy that I cannot contact the courier. It is very inconvenient to choose. They are not always responsible for the quality. Vegetables in particular can be of poor quality. The prices are high.
The scooter app is top! Everything is there, what I like and what I need
Delivery is often delayed
Delivery takes a long time
I love the scooter. Yesterday I wanted to order coffee in assorted drips. And there was a discount of [NUM]% on it, but I didn't make it to [NUM]:[NUM] and the next day they were already without the discount(
Lack of tracking of courier and delivery time
Very expensive, I use it only in extreme cases
Good, but a bit expensive
Instead of [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, they started delivering from [NUM] minutes, over a long period of time
You don’t deliver to our address, although it’s almost the city center and there are a lot of new buildings here….
Very unintuitive application interface
Orders take a very long time to arrive, delivery on weekdays starts at [NUM] rubles, couriers are all impolite, food is sometimes rotten
I completed your dictionary game, in the end the promo code does not apply, I bought the phone second-hand, the promo code for the first order did not apply, because previously there was a scooter on this device, in general some kind of crap, there is no such thing on other services
Sex
I think it's good, I like everything
I would like more sweet products, cakes, sweet and meat pies, etc.
I would like delivery in less than [NUM] minutes. Some ready meals are delivered in [NUM]-[NUM]-[NUM] days after preparation and they are absolutely tasteless. Who came up with the idea to limit the number of characters in a review?! The review did not fit. But overall, a great service. Thank you
where did the goods for [NUM] rubles go and why are there so few promo codes. The goods are sometimes not fresh, as if the people who collect the orders are blind, but we all understand that they just need to sell their illiquid goods. Fortunately, they deliver on time. The assortment is of course small(
Good, but it could be better.
Finally make it so that it is visible whether there are free couriers, and not so that people rely on you because there is little time, and in the end you are late for everything and nothing arrives👍🏻
The couriers were late more than once, and a couple of times they brought not-so-fresh vegetables/fruits
Very high prices, especially for fruits and vegetables. Delivery takes more than an hour. The selection is small.
the courier is inadequate
Long-time clients of "Samokat". Loved for fast delivery and good selection of goods. But now they constantly lie about delivery time. It would be better if they wrote right away that you have to wait [NUM]-[NUM] minutes and the wait would not be so long. Most likely, you will have to switch to another service
The support team is incompetent, customer focus [NUM]
Delivery sometimes takes a long time, couriers can be rude
Fast delivery. Mostly polite couriers. Occasionally very high price.
Kefteme
La
Small selection of goods, I would like a larger selection, but otherwise everything seems to be fine
very long
Very pleased with the timely delivery
They promise to deliver quickly but it takes a long time
a bit expensive compared to competitors
Shit
There are not enough product reviews.
I like everything, just bring the goods mostly within the normal expiration date
Not once have the products been delivered on time
Started off great, fizzled out after a year
What [NUM] minutes are we talking about? [NUM] minutes have passed since the payment and no one is here
Quite a useful app, though I wish there were more promotions for regular users
You are fucking nuts
The last two times, instead of [NUM] minutes, delivery took more than half an hour :((
Very long delivery almost an hour, although the application says [NUM] min. Prices are higher than in any other stores
Recently they started bringing in products that will expire in a day or [NUM]
Very long delivery and order collection
Don't promise what you can't deliver! [NUM]-minute delivery turned into almost an hour :(
Delivery most often takes longer than the specified time, sometimes by [NUM] minutes or even an hour.
disgusting
Where did the "supermarket" section disappear to? Add silica gel and cat litter to the "express" section. It would be convenient to track the courier's location on the map, because they are often late, and the app says "he'll be here any minute now"
They sent me a promo code, but it doesn’t work!!!
Improve the range of sweets, prices are above average
Fast delivery, thank you! The prices are high, but there are discounts.
Recently, "stale" products have been arriving, not fresh, especially vegetables, fruits and ready-made food, I would like to see Myth powder and Vernel rinse in the assortment
The support is poor. It has happened a couple of times that the order was an hour late, and the service did not respond. And then a notification came about "a strong-willed decision not to respond to people"
Normal service, but it's better to go there yourself and shake your fat)
It can be better
The promo codes you send do not work.
everything is good and cool, but the prices are very high
If you have the option to bring ready-made food, you won't have a hot price)))
Children's juices are much more expensive than in the store. I don't like that sometimes you have to make an order for at least [NUM] or [NUM] rubles. Because of this, I rarely order
super, sometimes the prices are too high
No longer the fastest delivery, disgusting support
It's become terribly slow, all the latest orders have arrived late, it used to be much better, now you can't even count on half an hour
You deliver in [NUM] minutes! From order to door and everything will be great! They started to be late often, in normal weather
Delivery times are [NUM] times longer than stated. Support does not help in resolving such issues. No loyalty to the client
Long delivery, but overall not bad
See previous answer
I still believe, as the law believes, that when someone writes that delivery takes [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, then the service must be provided in accordance with the specified timeframe, but Samokat does not think so, justifying it with workloads and loads and something else...
Long time
[NUM] since I already wrote a review, write a specific delivery time!!!!! You write [NUM] minutes in fact [NUM]-[NUM], because of you I have already been late for my business more than once. You hope for [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, write the actual time and the customers will decide for themselves whether they are ready to wait that long or not
Long delivery times and high prices
I like everything except the delivery speed. Damn, it's taking so long, although I love you, but it's taking so long to wait(((((
They took a very long time to deliver, I was late for work because of you.
The store is cool. Delivery dislike.
So, a solid C
everything is very decent, just need to tighten up a couple of things and it will be much better than your competitors
I don't know
The opinion is good, but sometimes when you want to order something, and you have a delay in orders, due to a lack of couriers 🙁
I don't like the section with ready-made food at all... all the salads are terrible. In terms of other products, I've always been happy with everything 💫
It got worse
Sometimes they deliver stale products or wrinkled products. Delivery takes a very long time.
Everything seems fine, but there is not always enough choice of ready-made food. The couriers arrive just fine, and sometimes it says that it will be with you soon, but it is not, as at the moment. The timer ended minutes [NUM] ago
delivery has been taking quite a while and the quality of fresh products is often very unsatisfactory
All promo codes are aimed at new customers, at the "first order", which leaves a bad impression in the future. Some products have a very large markup. I once bought non-alcoholic champagne for [NUM]p, and then saw exactly the same thing in Pyaterochka for [NUM]-[NUM]
For the last month, they have been collecting orders longer than the promised delivery time, regardless of workload.
Overall, everything is good, but as in any organization, over time, both prices and minimum costs grow, and they bring products with expiration dates approaching. At the start of its activity, the attitude towards customers was better
Long delivery!!!!!!
I think you've gone terribly bad. The order is delivered in [NUM] minutes in one case from [NUM], I often order greens, they are withered and yellow almost always.
The message was displayed that the discount on the order is [NUM]% and it is not clear how to calculate it
Delivery can be in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, or in [NUM] minutes
Delivery time must correspond to the stated one. Vegetables and fruits are also not always fresh.
How many times have they brought yogurts that are approaching their expiration date? Today I wrote that I needed fresh ones and they still brought yogurt that will die in three days. Is this mockery or what?? I have already spent the day on the toilet a couple of times after your yogurt like that.
The application does not load the image
orders take too long to arrive, they write [NUM] minutes and by [NUM]
Well, it's ok, but it could be better
The delivery arrived just now, it's already [NUM] minutes ago
The quality of products used to be better
Previously there were no problems, recently they started to delay orders significantly, they said [NUM] minutes, we waited for orders for more than an hour!!!
No warning when delivery is delayed
When you're too lazy to go pick cherries, there's a scooter. That is, the first thing that comes to mind is your delivery. Not Yandex Market, but you 👍🏼
.
so it's a good service, only sometimes they can find fault with the product, but otherwise it's not bad, it's a shame that the commission is not on them when paying
They delivered damaged goods!
Not enough product, easier to order from competitors, long delivery
Everything is great except the prices
The prices are huge, the pink color sucks. Scooter on bikes, respect for speed, a lot of khachi
Everything is fine, but why is it so expensive?!
Orders are always late, it's better to write that it will arrive in [NUM] minutes and deliver in [NUM], than to write [NUM] minutes and deliver in [NUM]-[NUM]
you are often late in the evening
Good selection of products, but in our area in particular the delivery is very slow. The couriers never arrive earlier than [NUM] minutes. I would like it to be faster
Ready meals are delivered a day before expiration, food storage conditions are not observed, and often the food is already spoiled. Couriers do not bring the food carefully every other time, and behave inappropriately with customers. Otherwise, everything is fine.
Small assortment, sometimes I order from Yandex store, because the assortment there is bigger
Expensive, small selection, rare promotions, but fast delivery
sometimes you bring either rotten, or opened, or damaged. often late. but otherwise it is convenient to use, despite the delays, the choice of products is convenient and the delivery of products is fast. the prices are reasonable, there are frequent discounts. there is a limited number of characters here =\\\
Switch to Tinkoff for payment) Favorite bank, I want to see more discounts and promotions myaf
Service and speed have become much better. For cheaper prices, with almost the same speed you can order products from Pyaterochka or Yandex delivery
The prices are higher than usual. Plus the selection is very limited. There is no choice in mushrooms at all. The greens are always not fresh.
YOU TAKE A VERY, VERY LONG TIME TO DELIVER. It used to be [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, now it's [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. Delivery and Yandex food also deliver and the range is bigger
Prices are high. Delivery takes a long time. They don't check the expiration dates of the products.
Orders are always delayed. Terrible.
Couriers are often rude, cancel orders after one failed call, very expensive products, never any discounts or promo codes
Prices for vegetables and fruits are so high compared to the market average that your eyes pop out of your head
I didn't like the food prepared by the scooter, I ordered chicken soup once, another time potato pancakes. You can't pay in cash, you can't order when there is no money on the card
If there is no specific product, please report
Acceptable, but I would like service
very long delivery, although positioning fast delivery!
Everything is fine
If the prices were cheaper it would be great! :)
Delivery has become very bad! Orders are always delivered slowly, much longer than the promised [NUM] minutes!
Lately prices have become sky-high
Everything is great, but delivery took a very long time!
Nothing
The courier is often late, prices are sometimes much higher than in regular stores
The range has become much more limited, while prices and minimum order values ​​have skyrocketed. There have been more frequent mistakes with delivery in an hour or more instead of [NUM] minutes
The choice is almost always the same, I want variety. More promotions and discounts.
Recently, orders have been delivered slowly, and the courier sits at the central food processing plant for half an hour, because, for example, ice cream came as if from the freezer. Although the order was delivered in an hour.
Okay, BUT... there is work to be done!
The range needs to be improved
Terrible service. The delivery time is indicated incorrectly. You write [NUM] minutes, you have to wait [NUM], [NUM] hours. Couriers bring an incomplete order.
It often happens that they bring a product that does not correspond to the assortment. Or it is not ripe - this applies to fruits and vegetables! Sometimes dairy products are expired.
You are spoiled, now I order only when necessary, I try to use other deliveries in this regard
Delivery is fast, but the quality of the products sometimes leaves much to be desired. The price is too high!
Lately they've been delivering not [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, but [NUM] and more 🤦🏼‍♀️
Of all the delivery services I have ever used, Samokat has the most problems with couriers, namely, picking on girls. This and the poor selection of products make me choose analogues. If I'm alone at home, I'll always overpay and order from the store - it's safer
Couriers take a long time to arrive
boo boo
It takes a very long time to wait for delivery
Delivery is often delayed, spoiled products were delivered several times
It has become much worse lately, instead of the promised [NUM] minutes, they deliver in [NUM]-[NUM], once I waited for about an hour for my order...
The price tag is too high
Oh, oh, oh
The quality of your dairy products is poor. Three times I received sour milk and expired glazed curds. And delivery takes almost an hour. To the neighboring house [NUM] minutes, and to me [NUM]-[NUM], how does this work?
They often bring spoiled products (especially kefir, we ordered [NUM] times in a row kefir and each time they brought spoiled), rotten fruits and vegetables. Also, when choosing a product, I would like to see not only grams but also the number of pieces in the package (apples, peppers, etc.)
Delays in orders are not such a big deal if they called and said how long the delay would be, and there wasn’t a sign that the courier would be with you any minute now, but he’s not here and I don’t know how long it will take for him to arrive ((((((
Average
Something needs to be done with delivery, if you used to arrive in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, now it’s almost always [NUM]-[NUM] minutes and monitor the quality of perishable goods, grapes, tomatoes, etc.
sometimes they bring low-quality products, the cheeses are always stale
Because of the prices, we often lean towards delivery from Pyaterochka or Lenta, since there is more choice and it is cheaper
Delivery used to be faster, now it's [NUM]-[NUM] minutes on average. There haven't been any [NUM] minutes for a long time. There's no point in ordering vegetables and fruits, they always bring bad, rotten or unripe ones...
There is a lack of branded quality products, and not just Russian sea and Matias😂. Sometimes it is impossible to buy something, because the quality of some products is not very good. I would like to have defrosted fresh fish products, so that they bring it and cook it right away)
Another Sberbank speculator's earnings
Constantly delayed delivery!!! Prices are higher. I will not order again
The support is just fucked in the ass
Small selection
We wait a long time for the order. And sometimes without warning they cancel the order and that's it. They say that the courier couldn't contact us. Although he didn't even call us.
You take a very long time to deliver! I ordered from you, after [NUM] minutes I made another order on Yandex shop, it was delivered after [NUM] minutes, your order after [NUM] minutes has not been delivered yet.
Not bad service, you deliver quickly, products are often spoiled due to improper storage conditions and couriers are sometimes rude
Many times I encountered very long delivery, more than an hour. They brought everything cold or melted. To which the support service did not respond
Prices are high, delivery takes a long time, there is no beer
I would like to know the correct delivery time. Since the courier's arrival time is indicated according to the standard, which is very sad. Also, spoiled vegetables have been arriving lately, which was also upsetting
I like that the minimum delivery amount is small. But after one time when they didn't call me, didn't write and just cancelled my order because of the alleged impossibility of contacting me, I'm afraid to order, because I don't want a repeat of the situation when I sit and wait
Everything is great except for the range of products. And the last update is just awful. Lag on lag is covered by lag.
The center has problems with order delivery and product quality. Couriers are often late, and several times they brought expired or damaged products. Sometimes there are also mistakes during assembly.
Very long delivery, not always fresh products, high prices
The products of the scooter are not very tasty
Previously, delivery was almost instant. Now it can take [NUM]-[NUM] minutes
I would like more products and a lower minimum order amount
Support [NUM]
add more vegan items🙏🏼 and it will be [NUM]/[NUM]
The ice cream has gone bad. Prices are still rising.
During high demand hours, the minimum price increases faster than you can choose something!
Tell me, did a herd of sheep run past you? - And did you fall behind?
Everything is fine
Everything is very tasty
Periodically, poor quality goods are delivered - spoiled and moldy, smelly (with a good expiration date). Dairy products and chicken were delivered at the end of the expiration date
Couriers don't call and don't offer an alternative if something has already been sold out.
The delivery never arrives at the estimated time specified in the order. And the finished products are of average quality.
They deliver orders very slowly, it can take [NUM]-[NUM] minutes for the courier to write “it will be here soon”
Very convenient and fast service. Always delivered to work in [NUM] minutes. But the selection leaves much to be desired. When you order every day, the same thing gets boring.
Delivery longer than [NUM] min. If you do not meet the agreed time, then either make discounts and apology gifts, or do not position "[NUM] min.delivery"
They used to be better) They've gone downhill, the delivery is terrible. The delivery time is [NUM] minutes, well, yes, you can change it to an hour. You don't even collect the smallest order in [NUM] minutes. It's a shame, the delivery was good.
Fast
Hello
Nothing good
Expensive
Often rotten
Sometimes the delivery is very delayed, and I choose you specifically because of the speed, so such delays are doubly unpleasant. The last order was delivered longer than expected by almost [NUM] minutes, for which the courier simply apologized (which the support service did not do).
It is better to write honestly the delivery time when it is increased. The assortment should be replenished, gluten-free bread, more healthy food
Well, nothing
Words cannot describe it
Orders take [NUM]-[NUM] minutes to arrive
There is no support in fact, prices are too high, especially for fruits and vegetables
Products always arrive with a bad expiration date. The product has [NUM]-[NUM] days left to live!
The courier arrived, called on the phone, said that there is no elevator in the building, so it will not go to the [NUM] floor and I need to go down. There is only me and a two-year-old child at home, whom I cannot leave. Do you have new rules?
Some of the delivery guys are rude
Very bad delivery, every order is missing the ordered products
You are cool
Little choice and relatively expensive for the same [NUM] and magnet, although you don’t have an offline store, but still more expensive, it’s all very strange somehow
Delivery too long
Long delivery
Some products run out quickly, you don't have time to order by the evening(((( otherwise - you are wonderful ❤️
Yes
Damn, I'm waiting for an order, what the fuck does that mean we're delayed, the courier will be free and will come straight to you, what kind of irritation is this in the evening, sorry, have a nice day
Everything would be just great if at some point they didn’t deliver damaged goods, there are no complaints about the couriers, they deliver everything on time, special thanks to them))
Lately you are often late, I would like more healthy food. And ham from chicken turkey vacuum cutting.
Hello, your delivery takes a very long time!
Sometimes the products are not of very good quality. I just started using it, but they sent me frozen cucumbers and radishes(
Long delivery, damaged goods
Sometimes, when delivering, easily crushed products (greens, lettuce, tomatoes) are placed at the very bottom, and heavy products are placed on top. It often happens that the product packaging is damaged. So, the last time I received a torn package of lentils that scattered all over the bag.
You are bunnies 🐰
Long delivery time, half of the products are not in stock.
Long, no discounts for being late
Sometimes the meat comes frozen, sometimes the cucumbers are rotten and moldy.
Sometimes the order is delayed or the products arrive with the expiration date in [NUM]-[NUM] days
moved to a new address, never waited so long for an order, always delayed, although delivery [NUM] minutes. because of this I rarely order here
I have very mixed opinions about you.
Very often you help out with home delivery of products. But not so long ago we tried round wafers with condensed milk - terrible, tasted like low-quality fat.
It's not convenient to pay tips, include them in the total bill, make it possible to leave an order at the door, add poppy seed buns and cookies that are not yours, yours is not very good. Thank you for becoming better, there have been no nuts with mold and worms for a long time, thank you!
Not bad
Delivery is always inconsistent, support has never resolved this issue, no matter how many times I order, there is almost always a delay
You are raising your expectations
Couriers are often late
If you have a large number of orders and the delivery time increases, then you need to notify about this in the application!
There has been no delivery in [NUM] minutes for a long time. Ice cream is delivered without thermal packages and I have already had to return it because it was already mush. Inattentive attitude to customers and orders
Couriers take a long time to arrive, although we live close to the point, products sometimes arrive in the wrong condition
Very long. Systematic delays. That's why I use competitors more often. The rest is fine.
Previously, they delivered the order quickly, but now it takes a long time
The promised [NUM] minutes of delivery did not happen (it would have been better to go to the store
You are often late!
Long delivery, twice as long as promised
Often the goods are of poor quality and delivery takes a long time.
I think it's shitty
We live so close that sometimes delivery seems so far away
Regularly bring orders in half an hour, although you promise [NUM] minutes. I am late for work because the courier is late. Make it possible to pay for delivery with a low check. Let's take care of our planet and think about conscious consumption.
I want lower prices. And also, please stop making the update forced, I don't need it
.
delivery is often delayed, everything else is fine
Often the delivery is too long and besides, the products are not always of the proper quality, today, for example, all the ice cream is crushed, there were similar situations before
Don't like me
Nothing good
Everything is fine, it's just that sometimes you don't bring what you ordered, and sometimes the packaging is damaged or the milk is sour ;(
Previously, delivery was much faster, they actually delivered in [NUM] minutes, now [NUM] minutes each time, I don’t want to order as much as before, it seems like the location of the warehouses has remained the same, but for some reason delivery has become longer
Very tasty products of our own production. And the prices for ordinary products are high. If I need to take something not from your branded products, I always use other deliveries. The delivery is very fast, good, polite couriers.
I like everything
Very long delivery, often delivered expired. You do not expand the range, prices have gone through the roof.
Support does not work in a customer-oriented manner, they respond with speech modules, there is no authority to solve a specific problem
Everything is great! But the prices are twice as high as in the grocery store and SberMarket, also the range and promotions!
Well, it's a cool thing, they saved me from starvation at work. But one pack of hosters was dead. But the other two were tasty and fresh.
It's sad that you often have rotten berries and fruits. I would like this to be fixed or for it to be possible to add comments to products so that other users don't fall for the same annoyance as you
The delivery wait is too long, the couriers meet the stated [NUM] minutes every [NUM]-[NUM] purchases. The last time the delay was [NUM] minutes, please take measures to improve!
Go fuck yourself
Bad service expensive
Not enough after payment and more assortment
Long delivery /courier location not visible
I like the fast delivery, but the prices are very "biting"
You arrive quickly, but in terms of the assortment in the prepared food section, I would like to see more choice
The quality of service leaves much to be desired.
Couriers are the face of your company, you need to take a better approach to selecting employees, the last order with "frozen" was delivered without a thermal bag, all the frozen products were thawed, the courier had such a dissatisfied face, as if he did me a big favor
They started taking a very long time to deliver
delivery takes longer than usual, prices are high for our city, couriers are irresponsible
Long delivery times, products often arrive damaged or spoiled
Overall, the idea and the app are good, everything is convenient. But sometimes they bring stale products and sometimes the delivery is too long, it takes almost an hour. This is unpleasant.
Good service, but support takes a long time to respond, the quality of the products is sometimes poor, it is impossible to prove to support that any of the products are spoiled in order to return the money. The advantages include the speed of delivery and the range
Good app, but recently a lot of spoiled products have been delivered
Delivery has become too long) and the price of products is much higher than in grocery stores. And the range needs to be expanded so that the buyer has a choice. Add julienne to the finished products
I think that it's rare that I receive groceries in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, usually not less than [NUM] minutes, Pyaterochka already has delivery in [NUM] minutes and they do it in [NUM].
Excellent selection, delivery has gone bad, when contacting support the standard replies and grimacing are annoying
Everything is good, super, cool, but it seems a bit expensive to me
I started ordering products from you much less often, since your main advantage of [NUM] minutes has evaporated. And the support only wrote back that there are not enough couriers, and also [NUM] minutes is the minimum time and I need to look at some contract on the site.
Prices have become very high, the range of products should be increased, the quality of vegetables and fruits is not always satisfactory.
Norm
Long and poor quality delivery.
Couriers are often late and the quality of fruits and vegetables is regularly disappointing
You cancel the order without knowledge. You sit and wait, and you are already ignored. Great service!💩
You position yourself as a fast delivery service. At least that's how it used to be. Orders were delivered in [NUM] minutes. And if you were late, they gave you at least some promo codes. Now I can wait for my delivery until [NUM],[NUM] hours. And no one apologized! (That's not very cool.
When you need it fast, then to you, if you need it cheaper and you can wait, then there are a lot of analogues. I think you should make some unique assortment, Asian food is trending now. Tok Poki and other Korean crap against the background of doramas. The text is no longer in
I would like to have the ability to track the delivery. That is, to see where exactly the courier is going. It is also worth working on the support service, I have encountered cold scripts more than once
They don't deliver everywhere
Couriers are often late, make mistakes or don't know Russian well, so it's hard to explain to them where you are. Plus, when the countdown to the meeting with the courier ends, it says that the courier is about to arrive, this "any minute" stretches out for half an hour or more🤡
Good work, but not always clear. But in essence we are all human
Enter cash payment, it is not always convenient to pay by card
I wish they would deliver it faster
Small assortment. Few promotions.
You hire hysterical directors who yell at their subordinates and sow dismorale in the team.
The selection is very small, not everything can be sold
It's very convenient that you don't have to go out for urgent purchases. The scooter is always nearby, but it feels like the couriers are all deaf. They don't say hello or goodbye in response. They silently hand over and leave 😏
Bring rotten food
The couriers are just crap
Ice cream is drinkable
Delivery takes a long time
Deception with delivery time
The last order was delivered in [NUM] minutes... and they promised it would be delivered in [NUM]. In the end, I didn't have time to add the ingredients.
Last order, the bread was open, therefore certified, hard
They don't answer questions, they hang up
When collecting an order, it would be good to pay attention to the subject of the spoiled product. Instead of returning money for the spoiled product, bring a replacement for the product ordered by the buyer.
Delivery is just awful. Couriers never read the comments to the order. It says "call the concierge", they always call the apartment 🤦🏻‍♀️ delivery is usually very long, in the center there is constantly increased demand with huge minimum order amounts.
They take a very long time to deliver, lately often low-quality products, expired products! I wait [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, although it says [NUM], and in the end they bring spoiled stuff. They make a discount on this amount. Well, why do you need it if I need carrots here and now, for example
Delivery has become worse. It takes much longer now.
Nothing good. Scammers. Promised discounts of [NUM] p on [NUM] orders disappear.
Why is delivery free over a certain amount?
Prices are higher than in other stores, the selection is not large. Delivery sometimes takes [NUM]-[NUM] minutes
Previously there was excellent delivery, now the quality has dropped significantly
Disgusting. From the time of ordering to communication with support.
Quality control during assembly leaves much to be desired
Delivery times too long in the last [NUM] months
I would like more variety in the products and lower prices.
Bring it slowly (either write more time or bring it faster)
Lately, delivery is very long! And prices are rising.
Basically everything is great, but there could be more variety)
You have become very spoiled!
The delivery is very long
Very long delivery
Horribly long delivery
Everything is fine!! It's just that the wait has become very long
Very bad couriers
Everything is fine, but in the first order they delivered products, namely (milk, smoked sausages), whose expiration date was the next day.
I think that very often couriers are a whole hour late, it's outrageous!!!
Delivery took too long
I've been waiting for my order for a long time!
When you need to buy something and the order is over a certain amount, it is very annoying
The food is always past its expiration date, I have written about this to the support service many times, made a note in my personal account, it is useless. Delivery never happens in the promised [NUM] minutes, although the point is located [NUM] meters from my entrance. And many more
Not happy with the constant price, you have to constantly collect for a certain amount
The discounts are not entirely clear, for example now [NUM]% of [NUM], but in fact there is no discount. Is it possible to make the discount system simpler?
Previously, delivery was [NUM] minutes, now it can take [NUM] minutes and even an hour
I wish the prices were lower. Then we would order from you much more often. Everything is much cheaper in stores
Higher salary for couriers, otherwise they are poor fellows
Everything is fine, but guys, add courier tracking on the map like competitors, otherwise "the courier is about to arrive" sometimes hangs for half an hour. And support in this matter does not help at all) But otherwise cool)
Long, not expensive, not particularly tasty ready-made food, support via telegram is slow
Delivery is already more than one hour with the promised [NUM] minutes, this is too much
Why has delivery consistently become faster than [NUM] minutes? For the last few months, they have never delivered earlier than [NUM] minutes. And sometimes you would wait [NUM] minutes for a small order. The price tag was already exorbitant, but at least the portions were normal, and now they are tiny
L
The price of some goods is greatly inflated
They promise a discount for a low-quality product, but in the end the discount doesn’t work.
Either the products are not fresh, or they put the wrong thing. Today I ordered, issued a pass to the territory. The courier went through security, could not reach me on the phone, cancelled the order and left my yard. And how about getting there and ringing the doorbell? Super delivery!
👍
When are you going to make a courier card? Why is there no connection with the courier? Why are you always late?
Fruits are green
Every second delivery is delayed by almost [NUM] times. If it says [NUM] minutes, then it will be delivered in [NUM]. In general, it's not a big deal, why write [NUM] minutes if after that it at least sells a time reference. "The courier is already rushing to you" and guess how much(
Delivery as always leaves much to be desired
House of pores I don’t understand why you write [NUM] minutes if you don’t meet this deadline every time. Maybe it would be honest to write how long it will take to assemble and deliver?
Very long delivery, the quality of goods has become worse
Delivery
Always fast delivery
There are not enough couriers, the courier carries several orders at once and is therefore late.
I think you are a company of scammers, because the regular price is no different from the discounted price. Who are you trying to deceive???? And I have never been delivered today's bread, it is always yesterday's or the day before yesterday's, even if I ask for it in the comments.
The order has been hanging at the “accepted, we will start assembling soon” stage for a very long time
It says [NUM] min. At the same time [NUM] min are only collected
I think you have a good delivery service, but there are problems with the freshness of the products, as well as the work of the merchandisers
Nothing.
Little choice
Sometimes there are not fresh greens and spoiled vegetables. I do not order vegetables and fruits through Samokat
😊☺🤣😘😘😘🐯🐯🐯
Hurry up, you won't make it in [NUM] minutes!
Please make it so that if something suddenly becomes unavailable, there is an agreement with the client regarding a replacement, otherwise there is a minimum order value, but the order is not delivered in full. And as luck would have it, there is no what was needed most
You send dairy products a day before the expiration date, delivery has become unrealistically long, and on top of that there is a constant huge demand
Take couriers who are not late or don't write about delivery half an hour in advance
[NUM] min for a store is a long time
They stopped calling the phone when the order was delivered, and this is inconvenient
👍🏻
Ready meals are not always tasty
Everything is great 🥰
Very high prices (x[NUM] of the prices in the store). The range is not as large as we would like. Unfriendly couriers, who spoil the opinion of the company. Who sometimes mix up something
write the expiration date on the products. It is very much lacking when deciding which product to choose
[NUM] of [NUM] orders are missing something - usually a quick snack or sweets. FEED YOUR COURIERS
Nightmare
You are often late😅
Great company, deliver on time
The expiration date on the milk is [NUM] days left!
The couriers are blind, the assemblers sometimes also shove a clearly spoiled product, they don't see the signature to leave under the door, they knock on the door a bunch of times. The support team shove unsubscribes
Last year in the summer orders were delivered in [NUM] minutes, it was very fast, now it’s a little longer, and I would like a larger selection.
I'm not thinking about you. I want to eat.
Long delivery, high demand
It's become very expensive. Initially, the scooter was my main store for purchases, now there is just a crazy markup on everything.
It was better before
Unable to deliver in [NUM] minutes, although they say it will take [NUM] minutes. If you can't deliver in [NUM] minutes, don't write about it on the main screen. The same goes for support - they respond once every couple of hours.
quite expensive for such crap as a product.
Delivery times are constantly delayed
A product for one ruble, for example, does not work
This is outrageous, we ordered goods, waited, it said that the courier would arrive in [NUM] minute! We went down specially, and the courier just cancelled the order without calling, although I indicated that this was a hostel and that I needed to call, and he didn't even enter the building, the doors were open
Everything is fine
The order was assembled in [NUM] minutes, and was delivered for over two hours. I called the delivery service several times, and they kept repeating the same phrase, that the courier would arrive in [NUM] minutes, and so on for two hours. The order contained [NUM] pieces of ice cream. Everything melted and was all crumpled.
Overloaded interface
It is obvious that the prices are very high, the variety of products could be increased. For example, Adjarian khachapuri, kimchi
All is good
Very often they deliver products whose expiration date ends in [NUM] days
Everything is fine! But before you assemble any product, you need to check its quality. I ordered it for the first time and for the first time I was so dissatisfied.
Fewer non-Russian couriers and everything will be great
Never deliver orders on time.
(
are you fucking nuts
The delivery is very late. It says the courier will be there in a minute. But in fact you stand and wait for another [NUM].
I really like ordering from a scooter, but I have already encountered stale products three times. If I used to recommend you to everyone, now I keep quiet because stale products slip through. Double-check the expiration dates and appearance of the products.
The application is very good, but periodically due to new "windows" (let's say recipes) I try a little in the sections
Delivery is often delayed
Sometimes delivery is very delayed
Almost always they bring expired products.
new tips
Previously, delivery was fast, but now it takes a very long time to wait + they made a special amount, after which you can place an order. You want to order one thing, but you have to collect other products so that the amount becomes available for delivery.
you are faggots bitches
The fastest and most affordable delivery! Convenient user interface)
I like the essence of the service, but the quality depends on the specific store. In one area of ​​the city everything is fine and high-quality, in another there are constant problems and you have to regularly contact support due to expired or poor-quality goods.
It was better before
The scooter manufacturer's products are of excellent quality, but the prices for other products are too high
Lots of trucks at the delivery point, a warehouse in a residential building... it interferes with exiting the yard
Few pies. Vegetables are often of poor quality.
Everything would be great if there was an option to pay in cash.
Good service for ordering products. The only disappointment is the delivery guys. It's rare to find polite and calm guys. Often, they bring the order to another place without reading the comments to the order, and then yell at you. I don't want to use the service.
I wait too long for orders, they often screw up
There is a problem with delivery
In terms of delivery speed, you are very much inferior to Yandex (its service [NUM]). Your prices for the same products are much higher. There is no 24-hour delivery or bonus system. My friends and I often have problems with the gastrointestinal tract from prepared food, we don’t order anymore. We couldn’t fit more ((
At the moment I am extremely dissatisfied with the service. The goods in the order were not delivered, by default the money for it was returned. Tech. Support said: "you need to connect push notifications, your problem."
They haven't delivered for a very long time today
Overall, I like everything! The scooter is a great help. Thank you!
So that your order is delivered faster, without delays!
It's disgusting, the basket price is constantly changing, I go to order from [NUM], I type in this amount, I go to pay and there it's already from [NUM]. This is not nice at all and it's not right
Very long delivery, overpriced
everything is great, except for delivery time (sometimes more than [NUM] minutes) and assortment, I would like more choice
There are always some problems with delivery. Either there is no courier, or the courier spoils the goods in the order
Support in problematic situations can do nothing, the discount is the ceiling
It was better before.
Delivery used to be much faster than it is now.
Couriers are often late and deliver the order in an hour
I'm very upset about the scooter lately. The nearest darkstore is probably removed, delivery is slow. When the courier called me and started being rude, I waited for support for more than a day, after analyzing the situation they didn't even offer a promo code. Sad
overdue
you are getting worse every day
Very long delivery lately. And the quality of food is [NUM]. I ordered arugula, they brought rotten
Delivery is often delayed
Bitch every order is late
It often happens that the products are unripe and the finished dishes are not tasty at all.
Everything sucks
Couriers almost never read the comments left on delivery, for example, you write intercom on silent, ask to call upon arrival, he comes and hammers on the intercom [NUM] min then they are unhappy that they did not open
Can I please have more discounts and more bonuses, thank you!
You can't cope, delivery time is longer than stated.
Order to my address more than [NUM] minutes arrives
You take a long time to deliver. The last time it took more than an hour.
Placing an order from [NUM] rubles, despite the fact that the minimum amount of milk is needed, you have to take unnecessary milk. Of [NUM] times, when the need arose, I placed an order for the first time. Previously, you could buy a chocolate bar. Bad.
Delivery takes a long time
Delivery times have increased significantly, couriers are not responding, and support is not responding at all.
Trash and horror, but some products are only available to you. You have to endure
Often, products with tomorrow's expiration date and smell arrive
I don't know
Recently I was brought some chips that mice had chewed.
Convenient application, the main thing is that couriers and packers work comfortably. The only downside is that the food is not always fresh, sometimes they bring expired food!
Very long delivery, I'm upset(
It's okay, but it can be done much better, faster and with higher quality.
The quality of Samokat products leaves much to be desired. This applies to finished products
SberMarket has a product rating and the ability to leave a review of a particular product. It helps a lot when choosing. There is not enough filter "on sale" or "without zmzh"
Zero customer focus in support
Lately the sufficient system works very poorly. At first everything was fine.
Pay more attention to couriers and their conditions!
The order assembly is disgusting.
They often bring expired goods, and support can't resolve the issue properly.
Sometimes salads are expired. Delivery takes a long time.
You have gone bad((( the quality of the products in almost every order began to return((( I used to turn a blind eye to this, AS THIS WAS VERY RARE. Very often the delivery does not come in [NUM] minutes((( as it was before
Does not match delivery in [NUM] minutes
Well done, but it could be better
It's so great to have you around🫰🏻
Everything is great, but I want it even faster
You get worse over time.
The order is always delivered later than the specified time, moreover, as the courier “approaches”, the program notifies you of the remaining time, but as soon as the time runs out, a message appears that the courier will be with you any minute... And you wait [NUM],[NUM] minutes (((
If a product is out of stock, it would be great if the customer knew about it not when they received the order, but at the assembly stage. Perhaps it would be worth sending notifications or calling and offering the customer an alternative. The quality of vegetables is a concern.
It's already [NUM] situation that you write "delivery [NUM] minutes", it's already been [NUM], and the courier hasn't been assigned yet ))))))))
Actual delivery time
Very bad delivery first of all, constant delays of more than an hour, goods often damaged
The idea is good, but the range, especially of finished products, is very small.
Not bad service
Delivery is poor.
Sometimes products arrive with mold even though the expiration date has not yet expired!
The range leaves much to be desired. When delivering an order, the app says "the courier will be with you any minute"; as a result, you stand and wait for him for another [NUM] minutes, instead of doing work.
Raising the price of an order when there are many orders is shameless, comrades.
Constant delays and absolutely disregardful attitude from support.
I would like to improve the quality of products, constantly with expiring dates or already unsuitable for food, well and your support is complete crap
You place an order at [NUM].[NUM], wait until [NUM].[NUM] and then the operator calls back and says that they will deliver it within [NUM] hours. Is this normal??? I think this is completely unacceptable!!!
It would be more convenient and comfortable if it were possible to track where the courier is on the map. Thank you!
Convenient, but sometimes a bit expensive)
You don't [NUM] minutes, I've been sitting here waiting for my order for half an hour already
An order for [NUM]₽ is expensive, it would be better as it was before [NUM]₽
It used to be convenient: [NUM]) you can order a small amount of products/now you have to order unnecessary products to fit into the min. order amount [NUM]-[NUM] rubles. In this case, it is easier to order Yandex shop. [NUM]) delivery time - it would have been faster before. Itdlimit
They deliver spoiled products, there is no way to leave a review for this.
Delivery has become delayed, [NUM] hour is very long
The food is delicious, delivery takes a long time and always arrives on time
If only the couriers didn't take [NUM] minutes instead of the promised [NUM], it would be much better.
Terrible service, terrible delivery time, couriers who don't understand a word of Russian
Good, but it can be better
Delivery in less than [NUM] minutes
The scooter is not suitable for delivering fresh vegetables/fruits. The expiration date of products sometimes expires in a couple of days
Nothing good, it was better before
Overall, not bad, there are some nuances. I once ordered goat's cottage cheese, inside there was just yogurt, from your products, then indicate that it is cottage cheese mass. Also, it was delivered to [NUM]:[NUM] several hours before the expiration date. And many more similar moments with food
Well, okay, well, maybe it would be better.
The support service is not able to provide even the slightest consultation, I would like to compensate for the company's mistakes, especially in cases where the order is delivered in [NUM] hours
If I order vegetables in a net, all other products are in the ground. That's why I stopped ordering them.
Terrible bottles Samokat Teberda. Impossible to open, why should your customers break their hands????? And most importantly, no one decides anything
Poop
Prepared food of disgusting quality
Fast and high quality, but high prices and you can't track the delivery. Often couriers are delayed up to [NUM]-[NUM] minutes
Everything is fine but sometimes the storage conditions are violated because the term is OK, but the product is sour. This applies to dairy products and salads. Berries are sometimes wilted. Croissants are very tasty and fresh.
Now the courier is delayed and there is no way to find out how long. The courier will be "any minute" is a flexible concept. And the support will respond in another [NUM] minutes.
In general, I like everything, but the prices for items are an order of magnitude higher than in stores. I understand that the pricing includes the cost of staff, applications, etc., but the prices were lower before, if it is possible to somehow correct this, then ok, if not, then no
Prices, even with the discount, are higher than in other stores
The first time they brought wrinkled products
👍🏻
Each time the delivery takes longer and longer
The application is unstable and freezes.
The prices of some goods are very high, although there is no reason for this
everything is fine, but it is possible to make electric scooters for delivery people
The quality of the products is bad but the delivery is good
Well, that's it
The speed is often excellent, the prices are too high, there is not enough section where you can scroll through the feed with all the products in a row
They take a very long time to deliver the order, [NUM] minutes
Very convenient delivery, a large variety of products, plus regular discounts and promotions are very pleasing. However, in the last six months, delivery has deteriorated greatly, before they always delivered in [NUM] minutes, now you have to wait up to an hour, not even [NUM] minutes.
Sometimes the products are expired(
Prices are too high
Lately, grocery delivery has been incredibly slow. We waited and are still waiting for our order today. It's been two hours already?!?!?
Very often they bring poor quality products, especially meat that smells although it has a good shelf life, apparently it was not stored correctly, I stopped ordering meat and because of this I put Yandex Lavka as a priority, I would like a larger selection of chicken
Sometimes the amount from which you can make an order is very disappointing
Sitting and waiting for an order for more than an hour is too much!
Too many orders and too few couriers
Delivery speed should be improved
Delivery is often delayed and the app crashes. Disgusting.
Delivery takes a very long time!
Prices and speed
Delivery time has increased significantly! The advert states [NUM] minutes, the app states [NUM] minutes, I don't know what time to focus on at all, if there is different information everywhere, or rather, misinformation, because they don't even deliver in [NUM]!!
The support is scripted and template-based, questions were usually resolved with "sorry, here's a discount". If there is something missing, we simply won't bring it and that's it - call from the collection point and offer a replacement, people don't just choose products like that! I couldn't describe everything - there's not enough space🤷‍
Long delivery, it says [NUM] minutes, but in fact on average it takes [NUM] minutes
We need more variety in prepared foods
Previously, products were delivered faster, the quality was higher, the prices were more reasonable. Now orders are often delayed, I don’t know if it’s the couriers’ fault, but it’s a fact. There are almost no promotions.
Always dissatisfied couriers. Products are sometimes spoiled.
Delivery has become very slow. Why write [NUM] min, when in fact it has long been at least [NUM]?
It makes life a little easier, but sometimes the prices are unreasonably high.
Everything is fine, but luck with couriers is hit or miss
Long delivery time
Lately the quality of products has deteriorated greatly, delivery from the neighboring house sometimes takes half an hour
There is no way to contact the courier, I called the courier back in [NUM] minutes, and he had already cancelled the order and remote support could not help. I have to re-order and wait again [NUM] minutes
Favorite products are quickly sold out, let's give a dark store to every yard!
Hello! Problem with payment! Prices change very often, I'm trying to figure out the card! Then I figured it out and changed the right price! And the price changed right away! The scooter brought me tears because of this too. Minus the nerves. And everything is fine otherwise
Delivery has become very slow, I used to always order from you, but now it’s probably easier to order from hypermarkets, once I waited for you for more than an hour
Fast, convenient. Prices are too high. The quality of vegetables and greens is not very good.
Think.... :)))
the app often crashes, during rush hour you can't wait for delivery or order it, you need to increase the number of employees!!!!
the service is good, really good, I love you very much, but the only minus for me is that your orders cannot be paid for in cash, that's all that doesn't suit me for now
Fruits and vegetables are often of poor quality. They have been delivered with mold and rotten on several occasions. Just yesterday we ordered onions - they were rotten. Often the wait for delivery is long. Instead of the promised [NUM] minutes, we have been waiting for about [NUM].
Delivery in Crossroads is better and faster
long delivery
Very long delivery. No bonuses for the courier's lateness, "sorry" or anything like that. It seems like you don't care about your customers.
I've been waiting for my order for [NUM] minutes now.
Convenient shopping format, but the quality of the products leaves much to be desired: cheese may be moldy, and ice cream may just be water, etc. It is very unpleasant when they bring such things and do not even offer banal apologies for the disgusting goods.
I work for you and you pay me very little money
Very often you remove from the order already selected and ordered products!!!!
Everything is very fast, good range of products
I don't know, maybe I'm the only one who's forgetful, but I've had this happen several times where I ordered to a different address than the ones I entered. Try making a big warning before ordering to make sure the address is correct!
Out of [NUM] deliveries, only one took [NUM] minutes. My son gets his order in [NUM] minutes. The address is the same. Why is that? I'm just curious.
Convenient service, but lacks standard products.
Delivery does not take [NUM] minutes! Why are you lying? Each time [NUM]-[NUM] minutes!
In general, I liked everything, but there were several problems with delivery, long delays, and all this in the area of ​​the Academy. Therefore, the overall impression was spoiled. But I continue to use it, I like the range of products.
Delivery can take extremely long
The time in the app was [NUM] minutes, an hour has already passed, and the courier is still on the way
In exchange for the courier being late, give promotional codes for a discount
The app works poorly, constantly slows down or freezes, poor selection
Sometimes the courier takes a long time, but next time the courier comes very quickly, and you don't have time to plan your time, and time is the most valuable resource in our life, what do I mean by this? So, if you advertise delivery in [NUM] minutes, please deliver
I don't like the service at all
Great
Lately there have been frequent problems with the quality of products. Often with an expiring expiration date, or if vegetables, then with liver
There are always some problems with delivery. Either it takes a long time, up to [NUM] minutes to wait, or the couriers make mistakes and deliver to the wrong place. Pyaterochka delivers faster…
I live not far from the point, but it always takes from [NUM] to [NUM] minutes to bring the order. It turns out that it is not very fast
.
Very fast, lots of variety and easy to order
They often started bringing products with their expiration dates approaching. Eggs with five days left, bread with one day left.
Expensive, few discounts
the products have become worse. the price has not changed. the delivery has become longer
Few goods
Long delivery times, often high demand
Not good
Convenient, but some things are much more expensive than in the store.
It's just disgusting!!! It says [NUM] minutes, the order has been delivered for [NUM] minutes and it's still not here!!! The shop delivers in [NUM] minutes, they're just misleading, just disgusting delivery!!!!
Eternal problems with couriers!
It would be great if the order was from [NUM] rubles
The courier is always late. Inconvenient sections, often have to search for the necessary products for a long time.
Long wait
Constant deception with delivery, you have no right to write delivery in [NUM] min, and no counter solutions to any issue
.
It is not clear how promo codes work, when you enter it, it already says that the price of the goods is already the most favorable. Why then do you need protocols if you do not apply it?
Small selection, well, they started raising the price, no complaints about delivery
Previously, prices were lower, now even for products that are on sale, the price is higher than in the store
The delivery was very late and took more than [NUM] hours. The perishable products had to be used immediately, although according to the plan they were stored for the future. But no one offered any compensation, for example, a promo code. Sad
I think that ready-made food is mostly tasteless, and to order food in the area - you can just go to their app. Otherwise - great
I would like more variety and fewer delays
👹👹👹
Delivery at the end of the working day leaves much to be desired, I understand that people also want to go home, but this does not mean that orders need to be collected in [NUM] minutes
The food is tasteless I've ordered [NUM] times and it's still tasteless
The prices are high, the range is not very large, couriers could be given electric bikes or at least scooters to speed up the delivery (I mean for free), hire adequate directors, make a rest area for couriers)))
Delivery already [NUM]min, no order
Your prices are fucking nuts, guys.
There are practically no real discounts, in fact, the goods are sold at the regular or inflated price
You promise that you will deliver in [NUM] minutes, but in [NUM] minutes it will be delivered in [NUM] cases out of [NUM].
Too long to wait! Especially in the evening! You pay from [NUM]p for an order and wait [NUM],[NUM] hours
The quality is that there is no such thing as a scooter, I took pop food from a microwave oven, it is tasteless, a waste of money, before that the milk turned sour in [NUM] days and the expiration date is still [NUM] days
delivery used to be faster, but now the order takes those same [NUM] minutes to be assembled
Delivery takes a long time during rush hour, Yandex copes with this better
The popularity of the service has increased, and problems with delivery time have appeared. Previously, it was always a joy - [NUM] minutes, and sometimes even less, and you have already received your products. Now, however, order assembly can take this time, and then there is delivery... Expand your staff)
Delivery has become long
They started taking a long time to deliver the order. It's been [NUM] minutes for a long time!
[NUM]) Delivery often takes longer than stated. [NUM]) The quality and freshness of some products leaves much to be desired. [NUM]) The prices for some categories of goods are several times higher than in a regular store. [NUM]) The range of some categories of goods is very small, no choice.
Very long order assembly, long delivery (considering that your point is located in my house)
It was cool at first, then the quality started to drop
Great fast delivery!
🥲
the prices are high, lower the prices for the products and there will be more customers. the support is, in a word, idiots, last time they were delivering the order [NUM] for one minute, and the operator was stupidly silent
I work in a scooter, raise my salary
Very long delivery lately.
Create bonuses for regular customers
Frequently delay delivery
fast delivery, but a very small selection of goods. and no alcohol!
An hour has passed, no order
When ordering, the app says [NUM] min. But in fact, from [NUM] to [NUM]. Either write the actual delivery time, or make it in [NUM] min. Sometimes there is no time to wait [NUM] min. There is no full list of products or at least categories. You have to guess how to type in the search bar.
Everything is decent
Don't make couriers ask for the order number and customers go back for the phone to find this number.
If the couriers weren't late, it would be better!
The quality of Samokat brand products leaves much to be desired. For the high price, all the brand's products are terribly low quality. Third-party brands and speed, plus absolutely free delivery from [NUM]p, it's nice and convenient. I think you know about the quality.
Assembly and delivery have become very long. Previously, they promised [NUM] minutes, but now you can wait about half an hour, at this rate I can go down to the store myself.
At first everything was great! Now delivery sometimes takes more than an hour, they bring expired goods
Expensive
Good
Fucking dick. Scooter owner is a dicksucker.
I think you are losing the thread of your concept, the last [NUM] orders were delivered late. There is also a global price increase. Some items are twice as expensive as in the store. If there is a drop in delivery, then make the items cheaper than in the store
I would like a photo of the product not only in the package, but also without the package + composition. Also indicative are ratings, reviews of the product, to understand what to choose. There are not enough children's products without sugar, but in the composition so that there are fruits like cottage cheese or biolact.
Often there is shortage of weight in vegetables and their poor quality
The scooter is more expensive than in regular stores
Make it possible to re-select an order in the order history. What's the point of just looking at them? The client needs to open the order history, be able to click on the order item and get to its menu, where he can see whether the item is available or not.
Delivery takes half an hour, couriers complete orders before they are even delivered. Products run out suddenly, already at the time of order assembly, no replacement is offered.
Everything is bad
Very convenient service! Thank you
Nice guys
Compared to the large Yandex food service, the range is smaller and delivery takes longer. Not critical, but more often the choice is in their favor
Long delivery
The application keeps crashing
Delivery failure
The products are not always fresh and in good condition. If I take something marked "verified, ripe" it is not a fact that it will be ripe. And the prices are expensive
Sometimes it happens that products arrive spoiled every other time. There are marked-down products that are frankly stinking, and among products without a discount, especially for meat, there are also some flaws + the bread doesn't look like the photo at all. The delivery time is not real.
It is advisable to call to cancel or replace the product.
Good company but too irresponsible workers
Eternal problems with delivery, they write [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, but in fact up to two hours, it is impossible to track the courier
Free shipping 👍
Delivery takes a long time, not always everything you need, competitors have more choice and lower prices
Minimum order limit 🤮🤮
Hire more couriers, delivery takes a long time.
Not bad delivery
Sometimes they bring in moldy products, but overall [NUM]/[NUM]
I'll try to avoid your office! Lunch break is already over, and the courier hasn't even been found yet!
Couriers are slow
Good delivery service
You are delaying the order! Sometimes they bring products that are not fit for consumption
The couriers should be put in order, the bicycles should be intact, the uniforms and backpacks should be fresh and not torn.
Too much plastic. Especially in fruit and vegetable packaging.
cool, but it's inconvenient to track the courier. the ready-made food is tasty every other time. as if one thing is made from products, and another from waste and plastic
😊
Now your service has gone downhill... delivery takes up to an hour
High minimum order amounts
Everything is great, I like using it, but the couriers are very late, and I would like the amount from which you can order to be lower
Today, when I went into the app to make an order, the minimum delivery amount was [NUM] rubles, while I was adding products, the minimum amount was already [NUM] rubles. In general, by the end of collecting the basket, the minimum delivery amount was already [NUM] rubles🤦🏼‍♀️
The time it takes for the courier to arrive is not indicated correctly. When I order food for work, I specifically go down to the entrance a couple of minutes before arrival, but end up waiting for [NUM]-[NUM] minutes.
Amazingly fast, you are super
-
Everything is great, super service. The only downside is that prices are [NUM]-[NUM]% higher than the city average.
Expanding the range would be very welcome
Often products with an expiration date “on the edge”, dried out bread or a stale croissant.
Small selection, but the rest is fine
It's convenient that it's fast. The prices have been raised too high and you won't be able to reach support in time.
Very high prices for essential products
Neither competent
Bunch of perverts, burn in hell!
Delivery often deceives with time. Sections, search in the application are not very convenient, I would like not [NUM] categories, but to organize everything more.
Delivery to the city center takes a very long time
Two out of three orders take a very long time to arrive, two or sometimes three times longer than stated. Some items were of poor quality (pancakes with mold)
Delivering dairy products on the last day of their expiration is the ultimate hatred towards your customers. Popular products are sold out and are not replenished for a long time, this is a problem. Delivery times reach up to an hour, and they do not warn you about it. Warn me - I will cancel the order, this is fair
I use your service often, but! There are constant delays, the order is delivered from [NUM] minutes to [NUM].[NUM]!!!! They always deliver expired goods!
Many positions are missing, I would like to see where the courier is
I want more pizza
Expensive
Incorrect information about delivery time - constantly. Both when ordering and during delivery.
Everything has become bad
There is a great lack of opportunities
Overall, everything is ok. The only disappointing things are the delays, sometimes the products are scattered or not always fresh.
I don't like delivery the most, I want to know where the courier is and exactly how long it will take him to arrive. It often says that the courier will be with you any minute, but in reality it takes [NUM]+ minutes
Fine
Delivery now takes from [NUM] to [NUM] minutes. Although previously it was delivered in [NUM]-[NUM].
Often long delivery
Small selection of ready-made food, for no reason you set the price for the minimum order, the prices are high for regular products, in Pyaterochka or Magnit they have much cheaper in their app!
Convenient application, but often they deliver expired products, already as a norm. Delivery service and support do their job poorly, are rude. Terrible customer focus.
Your prices are very high, the products are bad.
The Samokat branded cookies are just awful, the almond ones taste like soda, and the ginger ones don't taste like ginger. But on the other hand, you don't want to eat them, so you don't eat them right away. In principle, all the baked goods except the croissants are not very tasty.
Poor quality of fermented milk products. Almost always on the verge of expiration
Long delivery, couriers are always late
Zbs but it was better before
Very long delivery! I've been waiting for more than [NUM] minutes
I make orders almost every day. I would like to receive more discount bonuses. Also, I would recommend adding levels of ripeness of fruits and vegetables. It is clear that this is difficult, but... Bananas (green / with spots), avocado (hard / soft), etc.
Convenient service, prices are of course higher than in the store for some items.
Very long delivery, several times they couldn't deliver the order within [NUM] hours, products with expired shelf life
Couriers very often delay orders for an hour when demand is low.
In every [NUM] of my orders, one of the ordered items is always missing, I have to contact the administrator and wait again for [NUM] minutes until the order is delivered. In general, it is convenient that you can buy everything without leaving your home. But the delivery, and sometimes the quality is not very good.
Thank you, delivery takes a long time but it's delicious, thank you for the scooter and the lower prices
For a long time
Couriers are constantly delayed
Lately, delivery has become longer, not [NUM] minutes and not even [NUM]. I became very disappointed with this.
Often spoiled products are delivered
The delivery was very bad. The assembler has already failed to deliver something several times, the courier mixed up the orders, there were delays.
It's getting worse and worse every day. The time it takes to collect and deliver food is increasing, even outside of "rush hours." Prices are rising. It's easier to walk [NUM] minutes to the store, you can save an extra couple of hundred for the same food, excluding discounts and promotions.
Delivery time has increased significantly.
I think you are great!
Delivery too long
The products are always fresh. I don't like that in the evening the prices go up very much, for example, you need to order something urgently and your budget is limited, and the price is about [NUM] rubles. The products are quickly sold out, and there is nothing to choose from. High prices for some products.
Prices are expensive
It's been [NUM] minutes since I paid for the order, and the courier is still "delayed"...
Often spoiled products!
Idiots, clowns🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
[NUM] minutes is a long time, if the scooter is closer you need it to arrive faster, [NUM] expensive prices 🥲
Delivery is fast, which is a huge plus, but the selection is small.
[NUM]what have we been waiting for this is a mess this is a mess
Very long :(
Very long delivery! Previously, it took [NUM] minutes to deliver, but now it takes at least [NUM] minutes, please open additional warehouses in the districts
Very long delivery, no communication with the courier, different prices every day
It took a long time to wait for the order
The quality of the fruit is not always good. And the biggest advantage - delivery time - is often not met
Very often they started to deliver poor quality vegetables
Pseudo discounts are a circus, especially funny for those who order often, energy drink has never cost [NUM]p from you, but when there is a promotion on energy drink, the old price is [NUM], so I advise you to fix this, because I used to order from you more often, and I'm not the only one [NUM]%
Very small volumes
This is the third time we have ordered, the couriers take a long time to arrive. I have met drunk couriers on the street more than once (not our own, but those going to someone else's place of business)
G
Everything is great
Good service, prices are expensive
Overpriced
Hello
Pyaterochka works faster
I switched to Yandex store because you constantly delay delivery.
Previously they took us by their efficiency and prices, but now it has become more expensive and the efficiency leaves much to be desired. There are often delays. The quality of the products is not the same.
Please, couriers, be a little more careful, the croissants were delivered all crushed
More new products are needed
They don't deliver fresh bread. There's no way to contact support.
Very long, there can be no talk of any [NUM] minutes. Horror.
There have been frequent delays lately
Minimum shipping cost is high.
Because of you I break down into sweets
Small assortment. Minimum order amount is large.
The dishes are not always fresh
Almost never arrives on time, promised deadlines are [NUM]-[NUM] minutes behind schedule.
The service is good for small purchases, when you forgot to buy something. But when you need a lot, I go to the store. The choice is wider and cheaper there.
There is a lack of alcohol and cigarettes
scooter app is not bad, but I would increase the range of products and make the prices lower, because some products are not worth it, and in any other mazanite they are [NUM] times cheaper
They often start delivering low-quality goods, delivery is delayed up to [NUM] hours
they started taking a very long time to deliver(
Couriers are always late.. [NUM] you never get mines..
Prices are greatly inflated
Make support in the scooter app, not in the cart, increase the range, add promotions [NUM]+[NUM] or something like that
shit
YOU ARE SCAMMERS. Set delivery to [NUM] min always. You won't have to make excuses that the courier is late. I'm fed up. Although now I go to the store more often. It's good for my health
Cream is often sour (for example, all the time. I'm just tired of figuring this out with customer support). Baked goods are from yesterday, yes, they are not expired, but it is impossible to eat such baked goods. Vegetables are almost always unripe
It's gotten much worse
There is no understanding of the exact delivery time. The usual situation is that it says "The courier will be with you soon" and this means that you can wait for him for [NUM]+ minutes
Disgusting service
👍
I love coc
The start page is very busy, I wanted to see the classic division into categories, and then discounts and all the ads
I love your support. But couriers are often late, so I choose Yandex, it's faster
Only khachis, churks, Uzbeks deliver, they are slanted, rude, and late
Unfortunately, there are difficulties with delivery and support service, thank you
The scooter is cool, but the products are sometimes not tasty
Long delivery, it used to be better, support is rude and hangs up, it takes a long time to return money, but otherwise it's great
The delivery of products takes a very long time, the couriers are always late. The prices are high
When I ordered through SberMarket in a scooter, delivery as expected [NUM] minutes no more. But as I started using the app, constant delays 😑 although it would seem to be the same store and the same assortment 🙃 you can make more promo codes
You're taking a long time to deliver. I'm only ordering because of the delivery times. Lately, your [NUM] minutes have been turning into [NUM]-[NUM]. I won't be ordering anymore.
Very often the products are bad, the delivery is constantly delayed. The couriers do not even give time to check the goods.
I don't like the price increase when ordering
Fast delivery, that's true. Sometimes you can find good prices. The selection leaves much to be desired. Twice they brought rotten stuff (meat), technical support refused to compensate for the expenses... I would let them smell what I smelled... to the point of vomiting...
Delivery is stated to take half an hour, an hour has passed and I don’t even know when my order will arrive
Delivery has become long. Prices are much higher than in stores.
Everything is good, but the selection is very small
It will do
Very slow delivery, insanely slow support, extremely small selection
The nuts are not tasty
over the last [NUM],[NUM] years the range of products has decreased significantly,
There is apparently a serious shortage of couriers, delivery speeds are regularly falling. Prices are not getting any lower
Lately, the stated and actual delivery times have been vastly different. They stated an hour and a half, but they deliver in [NUM].[NUM]🤷‍♀️
cool
The quality of products has deteriorated significantly, literally before our eyes. Mistakes have become more frequent when assembling orders.
The courier takes a long time to deliver the order
Last time delivery to [NUM] - [NUM] minutes, although it says [NUM]
Often you bring products that were stored poorly and you simply end up paying money for them, you have to go to the store yourself
in general everything is very cool, but I would like to see Doshirak added to the catalog and not just Rollton. but otherwise everything is super
I really want them to add lavash to the assortment!!!! 😭 and [NUM].[NUM] good cola without sugar! 🥰❤️
I would like vegan dishes without chemicals. This is really great. Second, I don't understand your offers in the form of a discount from the order cost. For example, it says more than [NUM] discount, I add up to this amount, there are no promised discounts, only one croissant with -[NUM]% is a plus.
You can't choose the gram weight of some products, which is very disappointing.
Very long delivery every time in the region of [NUM]-[NUM] minutes
Prices are high. To make an order you need to fill the basket
I want a bigger selection
go fuck yourself
The app has an invalid delivery time in [NUM]% of cases. Why?
Everything is fine, but payment can also be made in cash
Love you thank you
Adore
Everything is great, but I would like a card with online courier tracking
Delivery has become expensive
Very long delivery!!!! The app always says [NUM] minutes, in fact [NUM]!!!! The courier is not visible on the map and it is not clear whether to wait another minute or hour!!! Respect our time!!!
Prices need to be lower
Products are almost always with an almost expired shelf life. And here it depends on luck, sometimes the product can still be consumed and sometimes spoiled products are simply thrown into the trash. Until you open the package, it is impossible to notice the smell of the product by its appearance.
Overall, I like everything!!!
I'm too lazy to write a lot
🤔🏳️‍🌈❓
In principle, everything is fine, it's just upsetting every time you bring rotten steaks or chicken. Even though you position yourself as an affordable store, this does not mean that you can poison people. Moreover, your steaks are not very "affordable" :)
It would be nice to add promo codes for old users)))
In other places, there is a variety of goods, but in this place there is always nothing, there is nothing and little variety. My rating is low only for this place
Couriers are constantly late
The main menu is not tasty
Delivery takes a long time
Long delivery to some areas, sometimes you order vegetables or fruits and they are already spoiled, milk from Samokat is often spoiled, although the delivery time is normal
Very long delivery
Best Services
overpriced, no popular items
Previously, I only used a scooter, but then there were constant delays, you promise one time, but in fact it's another, the choice of products is very poor, at the same time as you I ordered products from Yandex Store, so they have already delivered, and your courier will be here again a little bit
[NUM] minutes. In a big way. Not in a big hurry.
You are the best and fastest delivery!
They brought yesterday's bread, every time they bring stale bread
Not happy with the service, waited an hour for the order to be assembled, at the time of registration in [NUM]:[NUM] there were products, an hour later they were already sold out, so what the hell? Extremely unhappy with the service
Small assortment
The range is not very wide, so I often have to switch to other delivery services :(
Everything is great, I used a scooter in another city, but here, there is very little choice of prepared food, I want something new, it’s the same thing over and over again, otherwise…
Delivery [NUM] hour [NUM] minutes - always not true 😞
I often receive stale goods, but the customer service responds quickly and helps
Fast. Convenient, but expensive.
Cool, fast, and most importantly, everything is fresh!
Your couriers work like slaves, why are there so few of them? You wait for an order for an hour. Why are there so few of them on shift!!!!!!!!!
Previously, the minimum order price was not considered due to the courier workload and high demand. This is a huge minus. Also, delivery used to be exactly in [NUM] minutes, now you have to wait much longer..)
Everything is great, but sometimes there are mistakes with the quality of the products
It used to be more convenient, you could order for a minimum of [NUM] p....
Well, while you are choosing an order, the minimum order increases. And I generally refused you for this very reason. I calmly go into the shop and pay these [NUM] for delivery, but I take what I need.
I often choose other delivery because it is faster. I choose Scooter when I don't have the necessary product or I want to order something produced by Scooter
Dairy products and finished goods are periodically expired!
Often long delivery, greens and frozen products are almost always in poor condition
Sometimes vegetables and fruits are delivered in a stale state, ice cream is often frozen, just like half-cooked food, and drinks, on the contrary, are warm.
I am not satisfied with the price limitation on orders.
Very small selection, very little ready-made food and it is expensive. The quality of the canteen, and the prices are too high. Fruits and vegetables are also very expensive, there are very few discounts on these categories. There are also some questions about the quality of the products, but there is no room
Not a bad shop, but needs to expand its range and have more special offers
It used to be great, but lately they have been very late, prices have gone up, and they have stopped monitoring the condition of the order being delivered, everything is wrinkled.
Not bad Delivery, more assortment and different promotions and discounts
When your service started it was better.
I like everything, delivery in [NUM] minutes - you couldn't think of anything better
'.'
What have you guys gone crazy about? My order wasn't delivered... I waited two hours in vain...
It's a long wait, I'd rather order from another place.
I like everything, but the order amount constantly fluctuates, because of this it is sometimes impossible to order what you need
Non-alcoholic beer Baltika [NUM] costs [NUM]₽, although everywhere else it costs no more than [NUM]₽! Jerks
I mostly use competitors' services, because their delivery time estimates are much more accurate. "[NUM] minutes" in Samokat too often turn into [NUM].
We need to improve the service
Quality products, fast delivery
What took so long?!!
Lately, they have been delivering either spilled, or not very fresh, or broken.
FUCK I SHIT MYSELF
Ice cream is delivered slightly melted. Darkstore is somewhere very far away and they always deliver more than the interval [NUM] minutes. Some things are immediately thrown out.
The prices are high, but overall it's great
Delivery is usually longer than promised. Many prices are more expensive than in other stores.
They started to take a long time to carry. And often spoiled products come across
If it says delivery [NUM] minutes, it has never arrived before in an hour and a half)
Fine
Discounts have been working strangely lately.
longer than alternative delivery. courier not visible on map
Previously, couriers arrived faster, but now they are at the level of Pyaterochka, only the prices are higher
-
Sometimes frozen tomatoes and cucumbers arrive
Often the assemblers make mistakes and bring the wrong goods. And often there are no popular products in the assortment, in particular vegetables: mushrooms, avocados, etc.
I have been a regular customer of Samokat almost since its opening. I would like to note that the quality of products has deteriorated greatly in the last six months, and especially in the last month. Ready meals come with a rotten smell, moldy onions, spoiled potatoes, etc.
Prices are higher than in other stores
Delivery to home has become very slow, they write [NUM] minutes and arrive in [NUM].[NUM] hours
Delivery can take so long that the courier decides to use his time to the maximum, and even manages to be late, there is a range, but not that huge, the choice falls on discounts in such a case, and there are few of them
There are no reviews for this product. Sometimes, especially for ready meals, I would like to read reviews.
Please improve the assembly of goods and do not forget to put the goods in the order, and also improve the delivery speed. Otherwise, everything is fine)
Lower prices and fixed price from delivery
Very long delivery, support in telegram does not respond
Very long delivery, otherwise everything is great)
Often bad products! And terrible delivery
Faster delivery. Because the delivery speed has become slower
Norm
It is necessary to make it clear to couriers that if the customer has chosen the option "pick up the order at the door", then there is no need to press "delivered" until you have left the package at the door. I do not choose this option for no reason and do not want to wait at the door while the courier travels through the floors
I think it's time to leave comments on the product. It will be clearer whether it's worth buying or not. Improve storage at the TsFZ T.K. The product often arrives spoiled. Apparently, the assemblers are poorly trained since they don't notice the bloated product. And much more. There's not enough text.
I'm sick of bringing milk in on the last days of its expiration date. Then they argue that it's still within its expiration date, but I apparently need to bathe in these four fucking liters of milk on its last legs.
Delivery has become very long! More than [NUM] min!
You always help out
I don't like that you made the minimum order amount from [NUM]p! What if I only need one salad? Then make the delivery [NUM]p better
Fraud [NUM] - Why indicate that delivery is [NUM] minutes, if for [NUM] years not a single order has arrived within [NUM] minutes. Delivery is fast, but not [NUM] minutes. Fraud [NUM] - False discount as an apology, checked from another account - the cost of the basket is the same and without apologies.
It is worth improving the quality of the finished food. But your croissants are love! Delivery is often longer than the time specified when ordering
Yes, in general everything is fine, but there are nuances with courier delivery and the range of products!
It would be desirable to expand the range
The courier cancelled the order, and the products are often stale
Very often delivery takes significantly longer than [NUM] minutes
Unfortunately, I don't use this app that often! I decided to order it to be delivered quickly, but alas, I waited almost [NUM] minutes, when the goods were basically no longer needed! If weather conditions do not allow you to meet [NUM] minutes, then change the delivery time!
The scooter is much better than SberMarket!
Delivery used to be faster, now a courier can deliver in [NUM] minutes and an hour, a couple of times there were low-quality products. There are no bonuses for being late, even if they are late systematically.
It became inconvenient that the delivery is no longer fast and the price has become minimal, the scooter's feature in the form of fast delivery for any amount has disappeared, now I often choose competitor delivery companies
Lately the product has been of poor quality and delivery has been delayed.
There is never a selection, they bring something other than what was ordered, as in the last order, they brought sugar from a different manufacturer!
Overall everything is good, but delivery has started to be delayed frequently.
The quality of the products is deplorable
First, write about discounts in notifications, thereby forcing you to go to the application, when you order for this amount in the basket, the discount miraculously disappears, bravo!
Big problems with delivery time, sometimes you have to wait [NUM]-[NUM] times longer than the specified time. The cost of low-quality goods is reimbursed in a strange way.
Good service, but delivery is always delayed, so you can't always count on [NUM] minutes
For a very long time recently
Bullshit))
You write that it will be in [NUM] minutes, but in reality it will be about an hour... and you don't even apologize or give a promo code. If I had known that it would take so long, I would have ordered from Yandex store... there have been many such cases
Long drstavka
Constantly late with delivery, no courier number to contact directly, prices are too high
Delivery regularly takes longer than stated, the courier is not visible on the map, customer support does not respond to orders for hours.
Norm
I understand why a fixed price was needed, but earlier "Samokat" was positioned as "you are missing one product? There is a scooter for that!" The range has decreased. Add essentials: hydrogen peroxide, bandages, etc.
Cheese is constantly running out (burrata, stracciatella, mozzarella) and there is a small selection for vegetarians
Too often couriers are late or late, then specify a different time. I am very pleased with the customer support and loyalty system, you can be sure of the quality of the goods, or they will return the points, this is what motivates you to order!
Everything is great, a large selection, the only thing missing is healthy spices for cooking, and the delivery a little faster.
It's cool that you can order food home. Yes, of course, there is a large selection, but still, something is always missing and certain items run out very quickly. No complaints about delivery, they always arrive on time, polite)
Very long delivery!
There are few products in stock, I don’t have time to finish placing an order, so what is no longer available, especially fruits and vegetables, increase the quantity!!!
Delays
Delivery times have increased recently.
Prices are higher than everywhere else, there is little choice.
It's fucking expensive, but laziness does its job )))
Sometimes they take a long time to deliver or mix up the contents of the order
I don't understand why the minimum order amount has increased? If before the amount was much less and everything arrived in [NUM] minutes, and now the minimum is [NUM]-[NUM] and it takes [NUM] minutes 😕
Expensive
Nothing good
Several times I encountered low-quality products and poor storage in warehouses
You are absolutely not customer-oriented, you don't care about people, how long they will wait for you, why do you write [NUM] minutes, but bring it in an hour, you don't even lift a finger to do something for the client, you don't have the technical ability and that's it
I want discounts and good promo codes😍
For a long time
Too expensive especially fruits
Constantly delaying orders! The fake just shrugs its shoulders
Sometimes the delivery doesn't work very well, but overall the service is not bad. I also think it is necessary to expand the range of sugar-free energy drinks. Thank you!
Please do not ring the intercom or doorbell if the order is marked "leave at the door"
Everything is great except that sometimes delivery takes a long time (an hour), but not always, of course, and the minimum order price is high.
Delivery is often delayed, support is not supportive
I haven't used it before, but considering that competitors have become greedy and the scooter hasn't changed, it looks relatively good.
There is not a drop of boiled condensed milk in the nuts with boiled condensed milk, the bread is often not the freshest, please look at the production date before delivery of the products, otherwise everything is fine so far
Prices have increased, quality has dropped, the courier takes a long time to arrive, support is not responding
The shipping policy needs to be changed. If something is out of stock, the customer needs to be warned about it, not informed after the fact.
Good, but a bit pricey. Small selection of ice cream.
Terrible service, every time they delay the delivery of goods, every time the operator takes half a year to respond, every time the assembly of the order starts later than necessary
[NUM]. Sometimes soft products like marmots are topped with juice in a glass. [NUM]. There are problems with freshness with green salads and vegetables. [NUM]. The range is not always sufficient.
Delivery has become worse, slower.
The service leaves much to be desired, as does the maintenance
Delivery takes very long
I want more variety
Convenient, often helps out
It's often necessary to wait for a long time, more than [NUM] minutes
Very expensive and small portions
There is no logic in delivery, a courier from a neighboring house carries an order of about [NUM]-[NUM] min., for some reason they first carry it somewhere and then to the neighboring house, there is no logistics, this is especially inconvenient when you order ice or something frozen, they bring a glued lump
overall everything is good, but delivery is very long, they collect a couple of things [NUM] minutes
FUCKING SHIT
Expensive
Every time I order, there are problems with displaying in the app, the order is often cancelled, but then it is resumed again, very inconvenient. Thank you for understanding!
The order takes a long time to be delivered
Nothing good
The last [NUM] times the order was delivered from [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, that's very long, in that time you can go to the store yourself [NUM] times. Previously, the delivery was [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, considering that the workshop is near our house.
In principle, the scooter is better than Yandex food, etc., etc., but the selection is terribly small, and the prices for some products are [NUM] times higher than in a regular store.
Previously it was very convenient, now they introduced a minimum amount, which has become completely inconvenient, it would be fine if there was a fix from [NUM] rubles, although this is a lot. Previously I used it often, now that the store is in the house, then less often. And I stopped recommending it, because the prices have significantly dropped
Improve the range and quality of products!
Delivery often takes not just [NUM] minutes, but [NUM],[NUM],[NUM]… the delivery time of the order must be indicated before payment in the application.
if the order time is increased, you should not write in the application that delivery [NUM] minutes
You are completely unable to deliver orders.
Poor quality garlic
Rarely arrives in [NUM] min
Cool
Small selection, few discounts and promotions
Sometimes the prices are too high, it's frustrating.
Fast, but some items are very expensive, cottage cheese and yogurt from Samokat are not very high quality, taste is better in Vills. Well, and the pastries are so-so. There is no tasty bread and never favorite marmalades from Samokat, in general I really like the service, thank you!
Sometimes you have to wait [NUM]-[NUM] minutes for your order, but otherwise I'm very happy
Fruits and vegetables are often delivered spoiled. Shriveled apples, soft yellow cucumbers, brown cauliflower, etc. They also deliver products with an expiring shelf life ([NUM]-[NUM] before the expiration date), once I even got sour milk.
Delivery is often long. Initially it was great that you don't have to go to the store and quickly get the goods you need in the refrigerator in the quantity you need. Now it's easier to go to the store rather than buy extra unnecessary goods for [NUM] rubles.
Long delivery, no support as such, you have to wait a long time for an answer and they can't solve the issue, only the same type of replies
The couriers are very late, instead of [NUM] minutes they can take up to half an hour to deliver the products
Often good promotions, but incredibly long delivery. I ordered literally [NUM]-[NUM] products, and I needed them in a short time - they delivered more than an hour. The support didn't really say anything, they meowed "sorry", and that's it
I order very rarely. And every time there are screw-ups. Either they deliver expired goods, or the goods are of inadequate quality, or you have to wait more than an hour for delivery, and on top of all that, the prices are greatly inflated. I think all this is unjustified.
Everything is top notch, except for delivery, lately we have to wait a long time
Constantly bring milk with an expiration date that will soon expire. Complaining does not help, this is the only thing that irritates me
There is variety, but not much. VkusVill wins in many ways so far.
I like the service, but at the moment the quality of the products is enough, they often deliver spoiled goods
Couriers are often late. Support does not always respond adequately.
It's often a long wait for the courier
I don't like that delivery has become from [NUM] rubles. Despite the fact that it's already warm, orders take a long time to deliver, and quite often I'm late. But this is fast delivery, and not always "they are in a hurry" as you advertise!
Very convenient service, but a bit expensive. Some items are much more expensive than in regular stores.
The markup for the lack of couriers is depressing. Prices are higher than in regular stores
In general, the delivery is good, but there are some whiny couriers. "We've had to wait so long for you," "your intercom isn't working." The courier can call and say "I'm at the entrance," you ask him to wait, and in the end he goes up to the floor without warning.
I often get negative emotions from the scooter, read the message history in telegram)
Small assortment in delivery, there is one, but not the other two.. And so you rack your brains where to order so that in one place there is everything you need.. Alas, this is not about you. The spices section. There is almost no choice! Well, and the prices, of course, are higher than other chains.
Small selection, high prices. I would like more healthy food, more ready-made food
That the order is delayed, the assortment is small, there are no ordinary things like a regular pate without anything, only pate, and so on. Sometimes the prices are much higher than buying in the store, you have to go out in any case
The app is convenient and practical. Delivery is generally fast and high-quality. The only downside is that the employees at the point set a minimum order amount in the evenings from [NUM] and up, and sometimes after work (in [NUM]-[NUM]) you need to buy something.
I would like to take off your panties, grab you by the ass and spread it so that the anus and vagina open a little and there are two open holes, attach my mouth to them and with the tip of my rough tongue right inside the pussy and ass in a circle
…
.
In principle it's ok, it would be nice to have a bigger selection
The prices are too high, the taste of Samokat products is often poor
Very convenient) but they take a long time to assemble the order
They've gone downhill, long delivery times, product quality has dropped
!
The support is very long, the vegetables and fruits are bad
In principle, it's not bad, but very often they bring products in disgusting condition and quality. For example, we ordered salads, [NUM] from [NUM] they just threw them out, funchoza is pure oil, disgusting, carrots with asparagus also have a very strange taste, Caesar salad was like chickens had pecked it
Delivery times. The goods are at least not the same as those in Perekrestok, Pyaterochka.
Fast food delivery! I would like a wider range of ready meals
Long delivery
They deliver really bad products. They often delivered spoiled chicken and rotten or moldy vegetables. Delivery is always longer than the stated [NUM] minutes, although the darkstore is very close. I would like to see the real estimated delivery time
Lately delivery has been very slow
I really like the service, but there are always problems with delivery, more than [NUM] minutes. The support is useless, all the time just wait
Very expensive, but sometimes it's really too lazy to go to the store. The products of the company "Samokat" are mostly bad... and it's fucking sad..
VERY LONG DELIVERY!
It's disgusting that "fast" delivery is delayed by an hour and no one warns
At the beginning it was fast and quality products, now it's like everyone else
More quality, less price 💪
I would like to reduce prices and delivery costs.
Devochkavensdeigrustniemojitimnenravishsyatemchtoninakogonepohozha 😭😕😢😔😔😢🥲🥲
Not a bad start there, but you need to develop and while there are interesting offers, you can consider them
There are a lot of products that expire in [NUM]-[NUM] days, especially prepared foods.
The last few orders have taken half an hour or more to arrive. Fruits and vegetables are not very good quality.
Delivery is much longer than you stated [NUM] minutes!!! And an order from [NUM] rubles is not convenient when you need one or two items!
Long delivery
Frequently bring in expired products or products just before their expiration date
The sections with vegan and gluten-free food are more for show, there are very few products there + often most of them are coffee/tea. Otherwise, everything is fine
Prices are too high, delivery is slow, and there is a small selection of products.
Previously, they actually delivered in [NUM] minutes. Now, they don't.
I really like the fast delivery
Technical support is zero. Couriers are constantly late.
Everything is very confusing regarding Kesha. Sberspazo could be withdrawn automatically or written so that it is clear. Once I was not given the promised twenty percent discount when buying for a certain amount. I wrote to your bot and zero. Not bad in
Delivery has become slow. They used to deliver quickly, but now the couriers are constantly late
Couriers are often late, and delivery takes not [NUM] minutes, but [NUM] and even [NUM]. Support does not work at all, in cases of couriers being late there is nowhere to turn, because support does not help, does not apologize - does nothing
Couriers are often late, but the scooter does nothing to compensate for this.
Everything is fine. It's great that you can pay with Sber points.
It used to be almost like in stores. Now the prices are much higher. I think twice before ordering from you or going [NUM] to the store. I would like a wider range, especially local products. Frequently ordered goods are often unavailable.
Norm
Many times they brought moldy products. Usually it was fruit, but once it was pancakes
The warehouse is located on the [NUM] floor of my house, delivery takes more than [NUM] minutes!
Delivery is always late, the quality of the goods is also not always the best.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
The courier pressed the intercom a couple of times, but before I could open it, he cancelled the order.
Nasty, greedy, expensive
Delivery practically in the city center from [NUM]р. and takes an hour, before delivery was +- from [NUM]р. and took [NUM] minutes
Assemblers do not listen to comments during assembly Support is not competent
Long delivery times have become common
They throw the goods into the bag carelessly. Sometimes yogurts or curds are punched.
Promo codes, discounts are rare with you, only for the first three orders, and I am your regular customer, it's a pity. I will switch to other deliveries
Expand the range, make promotions not only where the term ends, lightly salted fish scooter is very salty
Very long delivery in our area
Delivery time does not correspond to the stated figures. Often there are some delays, "it will be with you any minute now", etc.
Low optimization of the application, lack of compensation for long delivery (up to "we closed your application because we have many requests" customer focus is at a level, poor couriers carry giant bags filled to the brim for a pittance
a bit expensive compared to regular chain stores
Everything is bad
I've been waiting for my order for a very long time.
Once Sber bought it out, everything became bad. I used to order here all the time. Now I order very rarely, only if I need something that definitely won't spoil and the taste of which I know for sure. They often bring rotten stuff, it's really annoying. My favorite products have become tasteless. I went to vv.
Recently, delivery for orders has been increased from [NUM]m to [NUM]m. There is no understanding of the exact time of arrival of the courier
The application is very buggy and has many unfinished projects.
I don't like it when a courier calls me and I can't understand him, they don't know the language well even at the work level, maybe it's worth teaching them banal phrases? Like: I've arrived, come down!) or "I'm approaching, come down!)" And so on.
It would be convenient if you could see where the courier is when he delivers the order. If he gets lost, you could call him (which would also be convenient if you could contact the courier directly)
.
crap
Very long, [NUM] minutes is not fast delivery
Long wait((
Orders are taking a long time to be delivered
Not the best quality and assortment
Everything is fine except for the bad delivery. If before the order really arrived within [NUM] minutes, now sometimes this time reaches [NUM] hour.
It's become very long to wait for the order. I want to know about it at the order stage in the basket
Burn in hell
The last delivery is very long. And there is no notification from you
Getla
You need to knock when you arrive at the address and not cancel.
a well-developed service, but in comparison with other applications it is bad, a small number of promotions and only for irrelevant products, unreasonable prices for meat and poultry, and most importantly delivery, always long, advertising does not correspond to reality NOT [NUM] min
It is better to make a paid delivery if the order amount is not reached, than to set a categorical minimum delivery cost
couriers do not read comments to orders, prices are higher than in regular stores (Pyaterochka, Perekrestok, etc.), the selection is small
Good, but it can be improved)
Delivery is always very long, an hour or more, not [NUM]-[NUM] minutes
Frequently carry expired goods
Sometimes they don't monitor the quality of the products, they often don't ring the intercom when they deliver, sometimes the products arrive opened, but the support always works smoothly, all issues are resolved quickly, the opened or spoiled product is outraged
Lately, there have been many errors on the delivery side. They take a very long time to deliver orders and cancel them due to failure to call, citing the client. Although the error is on the side of your service. Technical problems with calls are not grounds for canceling a delivery with an hour's wait!
Thank you for being there:)
And recently the service has gotten much worse: slow, expensive and because of this there is no special feature of the scooter
Very bad. Since autumn [NUM] of the year the delivery service is disgusting. Another wait for the order more than [NUM] minutes. Waiting for the last order and deleting the app
In most cases, couriers are late. Prices are higher than in the store, this has not happened before, I am not very happy lately
I would like to receive fresh products, especially dairy products.
Very long delivery
N
We've been waiting a long time for delivery
ORDER IS BEING DELIVERED BY [NUM].[NUM], is everything okay with you? WE WILL NEVER ORDER FROM YOU AGAIN! Disgusting customer support and delivery service!!!!
Everything is fine, but sometimes it is unpleasant that the delivery is very delayed. It says one time, but in the end it takes much longer to deliver
Delivery is very slow, slower than promisedDelivery is very slow, slower than promised
There are often questions about the delivery time: the courier's arrival time is incorrectly indicated, which, unfortunately, does not allow you to navigate, especially if you need to quickly grab a bite to eat and run. But, even so, the delivery is fast, compared to similar
Hello
They could have called it a bicycle, it’s just as familiar but has a more prestigious name.
Complex product search. A product of one category can be in different sections. Many products are out of stock.
Terrible, they leave with the order ahead of time
cocksuckers
Some items are much more expensive. Overall, it's cool that many items are made from clean ingredients. If it weren't for the price jumps that doubled, I would only use a scooter.
You guys are ten out of nine
Very long delivery. Always. [NUM] minutes never happened. Half an hour on average. Very long
Disgusting delivery service. Never delivered an order within [NUM] minutes. Constantly have to write to support and ask where the courier is
long delivery
Prices are high
Great service, but the barrier of [NUM]₽ often prevents purchases, it would be great to lower it to at least [NUM], and ideally to [NUM]
Everything is fine
Long delivery, bad technical support, I called support a hundred times, they say they will call back and never call back. Conclusion - they don't care about customers)
Remove the minimum order amount and make products cheaper.
It was good. Then the delivery went wrong. Delay after delay. I haven't ordered for a long time, we'll try now, if it's just as bad we won't do it again
There is no delivery to our house, but the neighboring house may
Minimum order is [NUM]₽
Delivery suffers, it takes a very long time, although you write [NUM] min., but it takes [NUM]-[NUM] min.
Overall, everything is good, but vegetables and greens are not always of good quality
The prices are way too high. I'd rather buy it myself in a store, but cheaper. And the product I need isn't always available, it's sold out.
Delivery to [NUM]% takes longer than originally stated. The assortment is small, compared to YandexFood. There is practically nothing to choose from the finished products and it is expensive, there are no combo lunches. The goods are of [NUM]/[NUM] quality
Cool guys, prices are high, but affordable. It would be cool to track where the couriers are, or at least show the exact time, because they say in [NUM] minutes it will be there, and in [NUM] minutes they say that it will be a little late, somehow illogical, calculate the time right away.
I didn't like that I once waited for an order for [NUM],[NUM] hours. The support didn't react in any way. No promo code, no discount, no proper "sorry". I was offended. This never happened again, thanks for that.
I like everything, thank you for being there)
Almost always, with a [NUM]% chance, there are delays in delivery. No obligations like "if we don't deliver in half an hour, the order is half price" or something similar. It turns out that you make an order and sit waiting for it from [NUM] to infinity without any certainty
Terrible delivery
I've been waiting for my order for [NUM] minutes, it's still on its way!
First acquaintance is a failure. Support does not work. Assembly does not look at the terms.
Very long delivery!!!
I don't know
Very often spoiled products arrive from the berries and greens section
Everything is fine, but delivery fails more and more often
The payment didn't go through, I cancelled the order, but the bonuses are not returned
I'm tired of them, they always take a long time to arrive, and the problem is not with the couriers, but with their quantity, the prices are unreasonable, the food is of poor quality, sometimes I use them when I urgently need to eat, like now, and even then they take [NUM] minutes to arrive, you need more couriers because you don't have time to arrive!!!
Very poor selection of bread, most often I do not make an order because all the bread is very artificial. Plus my favorite tongue is missing. I would warn users who added it to their favorites about the disappearance of the product
Make the couriers move, sometimes we wait [NUM] minutes for an order
Delivery time increased from [NUM] minutes to [NUM]-[NUM]-[NUM] minutes.
Delivery has become very long
Remove forced update.
Delivery time does not match the stated one.
Very long delivery. Instead of [NUM] maximum minutes, after [NUM] only handed over to the courier.
I use it often and I am happy. But there were cases not so long ago when the order was delivered in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes or the wrong order was delivered
We order only because of the croissants and the possibility of fast delivery. But the delivery is also not always very fast. I ordered vegetables - terrible. Wooden avocado, green cherry tomatoes - threw away the vegetables and money
In some places it is more expensive than other deliveries, especially for fruits
Class
Very inconvenient support
Prices are growing by leaps and bounds, and the quality of delivery is falling. The promised [NUM] minutes are no longer there, now no one will deliver anything before [NUM] minutes
You are constantly late, and I have to constantly beg for a discount as an apology
I would really like to be able to leave reviews on products, like some other delivery services. This would allow [NUM]) the manufacturer to get feedback [NUM]) the scooter itself to get feedback [NUM]) to choose a product of the right quality
Long delivery
Delivery takes a very long time and support is disgusting
The scooter is not so bad but this is exactly what cefeze allows frequent delays delays of goods exceed prices for ordering the limit I am very happy with this dedaval I think many customers think so
Everything is fine !
Couriers are constantly late, please keep an eye on this!!!
It's very convenient to order mineral water when you have a hangover
Constant restrictions on minimum orders discourage ordering anything. The lack of variety is also frustrating.
Time! You are taking a very long time to collect the order
Very long delivery. Sometimes more than an hour. Small assortment
Overall passable but difficult to score on [NUM]r
Deliveries are extremely slow
😡
Milk is never fresh, many items are out of stock, it's very disappointing
I would like to see a replacement offered if the item runs out during assembly.
Fast
The delivery time is displayed incorrectly, the status “coming soon” is displayed for a long time, although in fact the courier may arrive in another [NUM] minutes
Convenient, the main products are on sale. But the quality of the goods is terrible, either bloated meat with a terrible smell within the expiration date, or spoiled cottage cheese, or spoiled greens, moldy vegetables, or products in pitch droppings. In a word, the storage system is terrible
One of the best delivery apps
Orders are often delayed. Many products are spoiled.
Unfortunately, lately an order from [NUM] or from [NUM] is the limit, it was [NUM] and it was, then it was good, but now it is not
Very long assembly and delivery. Often hot dishes arrive cold.
The last order was delivered in [NUM] hour and [NUM] minutes - at one o'clock in the morning. The order was placed at [NUM]:[NUM].
Cool products, low prices and fast delivery!!
Sometimes they take a long time to deliver, sometimes they bring it quickly, but half of the order is not delivered.
Delivery is always longer than stated [NUM] minutes, why write a time that is not met
Not enough casserole
Not bad
Delivery too long
Always late with delivery, and you can't get any help from support, it's even a problem to wait for a response because sometimes you have to wait more than an hour. Avocados are either unripe or overripe. Salads are kind of sour, even though they are on time.
I have been waiting for the order for [NUM] hours, with the promised [NUM].[NUM]. This is very unpleasant and it is easy to say
Sometimes there is a long wait, few gluten free, sugar free and lactose free products.
Poor support
It used to be faster)
Long delivery
The quality does not reach the level of the "rich" and lazy, the price tag does not reach the level of the poor and lazy. Small selection, nothing to eat, it is better to go to the canteen, the portions are microscopic.
Well, overall it's okay
Long delivery, long assembly
Very often, huge quantities of essential products run out. Some items, such as baby food, are not replenished for a very long time after they run out, sometimes up to [NUM],[NUM] weeks.
Couriers take a very long time to deliver. It says the courier is coming soon, and then you have to wait another [NUM]-[NUM] minutes.
For a long time
Frequently bring in goods that are about to expire
I've been waiting for my order for almost an hour. When it rains or something else outside, they take a loooong time to deliver.
Orders take longer to arrive. More than [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, customer service is rude
Very often they bring products with an expiring shelf life. Vegetables are usually completely "killed", you have to write to support. Inconvenient navigation and designations in the application. I can not understand what the hours near the discounts mean?
Work is required on the delivery network, compliance with deadlines, assembly and, of course, delivery time!
In general, I love the scooter, I often order, everything seems to be fine. But there are unpleasant moments with delivery, if you wait [NUM] minutes, instead of [NUM] they don't even apologize. And when they mix up the orders, they promise that they will bring my order in [NUM] minutes and the mistaken order can be left
Prices for individual items have increased significantly, and the range of products has not kept up with competitors.
It would be nice to expand the range of products a little and add even better quality!)
Don't like the minimum order amount. Want to order yourself lunch, but delivery starts from [NUM] rubles
Very often, delivery has become quite long, sometimes the order is delivered in an hour or more. In general, this is not a big deal, but the app may show that the courier will be with you for half an hour. I think it would be much more convenient if they wrote the real time.
Everything is fine, but they also bring expired goods and fruits of poor quality!!!
Yy ...
Every time you order from your scooter, your courier never arrives on time.
The stated [NUM] minutes of delivery are fulfilled at my address in two out of [NUM] cases.
Quality of employee navigation
Delivery has become long. [NUM] minutes = myth
Fish meat is not fresh even if the numbers on the package correspond to the day of purchase. Apparently stored outside the refrigerator. Sausage is also not fresh
They brought sour soup
Expensive and leisurely
Why do you always take so long to deliver??
I like the convenience of a scooter. But sometimes the prices are steep, and I would also like to be able to see where the courier is when the delivery is made.
Prices are a bit high, the range is great. The app is convenient, orders come lightning fast
I learned about the scooter not long ago and it is also very convenient to use and a very cool online store, I love you very much but I would like to say that sometimes the prices are off the charts, lower the prices a little and you will conquer everyone, but otherwise I love you 💘 💘 💘 💘 💘
Long. An hour has passed.
Sometimes [NUM] minutes, sometimes [NUM], sometimes leaky bottles. No support. Shove the shares up your ass, no one gives a shit, just make the prices normal
Sometimes they bring stale goods. This is not good, because I myself approach the choice of products very carefully.
Convenient fast delivery service. Not very convenient product catalog. Products are not always fresh
Even though we have a lot of money, it is still a bit expensive, and there should be a wider range of goods.
The delivery time in the app never matches the real one, it takes a very long time
It works, but not much, it'll go well with beer
What kind of couriers do you have? He showed up and is standing behind the door. Should I go look for him in the entrance or how does he imagine it?!
Delivery is not on time
Sometimes they deliver products of improper appearance and quality. Please strengthen quality control. And the delivery time is not shown correctly. They write [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, but in fact it is an hour.
Everything is bad
It would be a good service if it did what it says. Delivery is slow, sometimes you have to wait [NUM] minutes, although it says that it is delivered to this area for only [NUM], it is easier to order from another place where there is more choice. + Couriers are impolite.
Prices are high, delivery takes more than [NUM] minutes
Fine
Vegetables always come in poor quality. I order from you to eat here and now, and not to wait a year for avocado [NUM] to ripen. This is very disappointing.
Hello! I am very concerned about the quality of the products. Several times, almost every time, as soon as I decide to order vegetables/fruits from you, they turn out to be rotten and rancid. The last time they delivered rotten cucumbers. Horrible product assembly and where are the assemblers looking.
Good
For a long time
very often they deliver the order not in [NUM] minutes, but in [NUM]-[NUM]! and I'm not the only one with this problem. and there are no rolls :s
Very long delivery. Lately no less than [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. Before that [NUM] minutes. Small selection.
Couriers are often late, for this it would be possible to issue promotional codes or personal discounts
Couriers are underpaid
I have ordered fresh vegetables and fruits many times and they brought me not fresh ones. The delivery was delayed several times and it took an hour or two to deliver. In such situations, you could have left a promo code.
It's now impossible to order near our house, for several months now, very annoying
Delivery in an hour is very slow
Prices are too high
Overall good, but they often deliver products that are about to expire
expensive but tasteful
Your analogs are doing better
Lately it's always more than [NUM] minutes, orders are mixed up
You don't warn if you don't deliver the ordered goods. Sometimes you get ready to cook, order the necessary ingredients from you, and the order arrives incomplete. And it's pointless.
You do not deliver orders made in [NUM]:[NUM]-[NUM]:[NUM]. The courier allegedly cannot reach us. Allegedly the key! Whether the order is through my husband's profile or through my profile. Excellent attitude towards the client! And your support is neither fish nor fowl can solve this issue!
Delivery to my address is often lame, usually everything is delivered late. The choice is large but very often many grocery items are missing.
Previously, delivery took exactly [NUM] minutes, well, maximum [NUM]. Now couriers take [NUM] minutes, when you're in a hurry to get to work, it's very unpleasant.
You write about delivery in [NUM] minutes, but in the end you delay it every time, and this is still time, someone needs to leave in exactly [NUM] minutes, and there is no opportunity to sit and wait for delivery, because of this, plans are ruined. Please write the maximum delivery time.
Always late, stated [NUM] min, in reality always more, at least they gave discounts for being late
Couriers often come to the wrong address, you have to call and explain on your fingers where to go, or even go out to meet them. People do not take their work seriously at this point
Nothing good
Delivery is too long, it is easier and cheaper to order from the store
…
Almost every order comes with rotten food.
Please check the expiration date of the product, I'm sick of your expired products with mold
Delivery for a hundred years. Couriers arrive dissatisfied, asking questions: "Why did you order so much?"
Fast, high quality, convenient. Excellent employees.
Very small selection of products
In some places you create false advertising. They promised delivery in [NUM] minutes, but it's not there in half an hour. And the support is something else, they can't answer [NUM] minutes where the courier is. Terrible service
Very convenient delivery, it is necessary to expand the range, analyze prices, since prices, for example, for drinks are higher than in stores by [NUM]-[NUM]%.
Once I ordered an order and there was a Milky Way bar with strawberries, I ordered it but the usual Milky Way came, so I am not happy and I also advise you to increase the assortment, otherwise it’s fine
Do you think about me?
The service is good but the same complaint all the time! Why do you deliver stale and sometimes simply spoiled vegetables and fruits?
Very strange delivery time. To the same address the time can vary within [NUM] minutes! It is impossible to calculate and predict whether the courier will arrive on time or not. If there is a workload and it is temporary, make a clear delivery interval, p. [NUM] min
Periodically, it takes a very long time to deliver the order
the couriers drive slowly and are rude
delivery takes a long time, but it's free! the assortment rarely changes, the ready-made food is also poor
Every other time the goods arrive more or less, in particular I wait over [NUM] minutes, and sometimes even an hour
The minimum order price is too high, you are losing a lot of potential customers, everyone is ordering from Yandex.Lavka
It is impossible to leave a review about either the products or the delivery, many things could be bought more if you knew the opinions of others
They stopped delivering on time. I don't know what it's connected with. Maybe because I stopped giving tips because they don't deliver on time?! I think that was the last time I ordered from Samokat. There is no loyalty for the client.
The products are of very poor quality, according to the expiration date they are fresh, but there is no taste or smell
I think you've become very long, instead of [NUM] minutes you sometimes wait [NUM]. Yandex is much faster
I think very highly of you!
I'm waiting for you
They have gone bad lately.
Today it took a very long time to assemble the order.
I wanted more goods, and normal delivery without delays and late arrivals, because you order something to eat in the morning, and the delivery is delayed, this is very strange
I've been waiting for my order for more than [NUM] minutes
I would not like to receive sour greens again, but I would like more healthy products (coconut milk with pulp and without flour and sugar, nut flour, a variety of greens, for example). I really like the speed of delivery and the support from the operators!
Small range of goods. Some goods are overpriced. Delivery is always fast.
I'm shocked why it takes me so long to go to the toilet and take a bowel movement, wash the floors and play with the hedgehog.
It always takes a very long time to assemble an order and deliver it, even though the central processing plant is located right in my house.
[NUM]. They often deliver expired products, this is a real minus. There was a time when I stopped ordering ready-made products, afraid to see mold there [NUM]. I would like to reduce the delivery time
Lately, delivery has been very bad, sometimes they are late, sometimes they deliver incorrectly, there is no use in support [NUM]
You are inflating the price too much
Large selection. Very poor quality of vegetables and fruits (often they bring the wrong variety or unripe and spoiled goods).
They didn't return the money for the expired product (although they promised a refund). It's not convenient to contact support.
The program needs to be improved
Your delivery has become very slow...
I want to eat for a loooooong time
Everything is very expensive
There is no work with couriers. Couriers do not know how to read orders. The support service says "we will do the work, well, just talk."
Why are you delaying the order?😞
often the order delivery takes longer than [NUM] minutes - [NUM]-[NUM], which is not very convenient. support responds within a few hours - there is no efficiency. I would like the range to be wider and more varied!
They promise to deliver in [NUM] minutes, but in the end you wait [NUM] minutes
You are notorious scammers. You position yourself as a fast delivery service, but in the end you wait [NUM] minutes for your order!!! Is that fast?! You also have to look for the delivery person and run out to meet him because he mixed up the entrances. I will not use your services again!
I've been waiting for a long time
Not bad, but it could have been better)
Bring fresh products. And I would like polite couriers. They don't even say hello in return.
Overall it's ok, give me a discount
[NUM]-[NUM] times it happened that they brought not fresh products. The delivery time in the application does not match the actual time, delivery on average [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, although it is always written [NUM]
Everything is cool
You write that delivery takes [NUM] minutes, but in fact it takes longer.
Orders are constantly delayed
outrageously long delivery time for [NUM] minutes.
Lately the quality of products has deteriorated. They send with a short expiration date. The last thing I remember was [NUM] pieces of eggs - the expiration date expires in [NUM] days. This is not normal
Very weak support, they take hours to respond, by the time a specialist responds, everything is resolved by itself or we cancel the order.
Very convenient
The last [NUM] orders were delivered late, it's a bit disappointing...
I don't understand why the app says: [NUM] minutes, [NUM] minute, then the courier is just about to arrive and... So it's [NUM] minutes.😞
For some reason the button to leave by the door disappeared, although it was more convenient!
The app is slow
They were cool at first, but now the minimum order amount is annoying
....
A wider range of ready meals, prices like in a canteen, business breakfast, lunch and dinner at an affordable price policy
Convenient service, but expensive products
Where is my order? Very long delivery
There are few vegetarian products. Especially frozen and "meat", and not many ready-made ones. It seems like you only have sweets on your mind. The prices are higher than in some VkusVill, but the choice, again, is smaller.
BAD STORE!!!!! PRICES ARE VERY HIGH! ASSORTMENT IS SMALL
This is the second time I'm trying to place an order, so to speak, to try, delivery is long, there are no declared [NUM] minutes
The quality of the products is not very good
You are constantly late with delivery
Very expensive
Good food delivery service
This is not the first time the specified delivery time has not been met. The status "the courier is already on the way" does not correspond to reality, nor does it say that he will be there in [NUM] minutes. Instead of [NUM] minutes, the order is delivered in [NUM] and has not arrived yet. Instead of [NUM] minutes - [NUM] minutes.
Something in between
Hot meals take a long time to be delivered
They stopped delivering to me, it's a shame
Overall, everything is not bad.
I would like the prepared food to be delivered fresher, and not a couple of days before the expiration date.
I've forgotten the last time you delivered something on time.
Very long delivery
Not [NUM] minutes anymore, but longer
I've been using it for a long time, but you surprise me every time. It takes a long time to wait, and the products are not fresh.
Lousy couriers
Unfortunately, it is often impossible to eat prepared food (
I would like to expand the range. The composition of the products produced by "samokat" also leaves much to be desired, I would like to support the manufacturer, but I cannot order your products, because I absolutely do not like the composition
Very long deliveryVery long delivery
I work in scooter, the company is the best
I have repeatedly received products with expiring expiration dates and delivery time limits exceeded
too big markup on goods, considering that the order amount is usually from [NUM]. cheaper in any store
Everything is great, thank you)
They stopped bringing frozen food in thermal bags, everything leaks. They went bad(
Fuck
Expand your range:)
The quality of the fruit is sometimes terrible, the selection is small, the prices are high
They used to deliver quickly, now it takes up to [NUM] minutes, so you can order it from RIA Pyaterka
Delivery more than [NUM] minutes, sometimes [NUM] minutes. The ice cream was not of very good quality.
Very convenient service, I hope for your further development ❤️
Delivery is unpredictable. [NUM] minutes are unfortunately not respected, and when they will be delivered, you will never know, since there is no tracking.
Very good selection, prices, but when they bring stale vegetables/fruits - it's very unpleasant
Sometimes there is no fruit and my wife spends a lot of money on your service block her account
For a long time
Overall, I like everything, but the delivery has certainly become slow, before the order was delivered in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, and in the discounts section the products do not change at all
Telegram chat does not work, phone support does not solve issues
The ordered products were not delivered
Sometimes they bring low-quality goods! And they write one delivery time, but it turns out to be [NUM]-[NUM] minutes longer
Garbage dump
Often they don't bring everything, they don't fix it, the vegetables are often not tasty, so I even deleted the app a couple of times. The candies are very tasty
Previously, you could just order sour cream, now there is no such thing and it is not cool. They deliver it not on bicycles, but in cars and for a long time
Prices are [NUM] times higher than in a regular store. The only competitor in terms of delivery speed is Perekrestok, but this difference is leveled out when ordering products during the day for a week, since it is more profitable to take them from Perekrestok or Sbermarket.
Delivery is fast, but the products are not fresh... I would like fresh products, not expired ones
Not a bad delivery service, but couriers are often late
Lately the quality of delivery has been terrible. You count on one time, but in the end it is always "delayed" and you wait more than an hour. Previously, delivery was always no more than [NUM] minutes.
Prices have increased many times (they have become significantly higher than in the stores near your home), delivery has changed from [NUM] minutes to [NUM] hours (now it's faster to go yourself). We started ordering less often and choosing only products that others don't have. It's a pity, it used to be very convenient.
For a long time
Instead of half an hour, sometimes it takes an hour to deliver the order
Delivery to Silk Road [NUM] is long (it would be great if the speed increased and the time decreased
The stated [NUM] minutes are not always observed. It often happens that after payment it takes [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. Either change the slogan - delivery [NUM] minutes or improve delivery and assembly
I have been using the scooter since [NUM] year, I can say that the main problem with the scooter is delivery and support. I have repeatedly encountered the fact that couriers do not read comments, are rude, cancel orders without permission. Support has not helped even once.
I would like to know the reason for the minimum order when the minimum price increases.
I don't like that the minimum order amount is constantly changing
The courier is very angry
I made an order. According to the courier's forecast, I'll have to wait [NUM] hours in total, if not more. I made the order in [NUM]:[NUM], and it will arrive as the support team says in [NUM]:[NUM]. Total disrespect for customers' time
Very expensive
It was great when there was no minimum order amount, since it appeared, I don’t order as often as before
the delivery is good, I order a lot of products so that I don't have to carry them on my back
Small assortment
When you start to pack baby cottage cheese in some other way, every time you throw it into a bag, there is always a hole in the lid. Unless, of course, you already have one like that in your warehouse
It was very convenient and fast before, now it's easier to go to the store
more choice in stores
Very fast delivery. Small selection, quite high prices
There is some work to be done
Couriers take a long time to deliver orders
The courier called, couldn't find the entrance. From the window I saw that he was standing near the neighboring house, couldn't get through. He rang the wrong door, then just drove past my entrance and cancelled the order. Hungry(
I have been using your service for a long time, but I do not order some types of products, since very often the goods arrive almost expired or already expired. And it is difficult to write or call, no one has ever returned the full cost of the money. And I cannot ask for fresh ones.
Fine
Everything is great except for delivery
There is no loyalty system for regular customers. The answers in the chat are templates. They bring spoiled products and simply return the money after a complaint, not even a promo code as an apology.
When delivering in [NUM] minutes, out of [NUM] orders, they delivered in [NUM] minutes exactly once, the other times [NUM], sometimes in [NUM] minutes, there is no delivery at all in this area, perhaps a shortage of personnel or weather conditions, but no apologies for the inconvenience, etc.
Very prompt.
Very long delivery, I order not for the first time, and always have to wait longer than usual
Horribly long delivery, incompetent support, c
It's just outrageous! Instead of the promised [NUM] minutes, you have to wait for delivery for [NUM] or more, and this is not at the most popular time
I think well of you, it was better before. There is a feeling that it has become more expensive, and the quality is worse - this concerns greenery.
Too expensive
everything is great, just wonderful, EXCEPT THE PRICES! guys, I understand, business and all that, but to add [NUM]% to the price, like in a store, which is already inflated - this is a bit of a rude attitude towards your users, I've been using it since [NUM] years, the prices since then ^ [NUM]%
They delivered the wrong order
sometimes slowly
The courier is not visible on the map, there is no courier number, sometimes [NUM] a minute of waiting turns into [NUM]
Unpleasant situations with incomplete delivery
Very often dairy products are at the end of their expiration dates and spoil quickly. Fruits and vegetables are rotten and bruised.
Delivery blunders are your signature style. Standard support excuses, no compensation - and this with an excellent selection (( I left the store a long time ago, I return to Samokat only if I really have to.
Expensive
The assortment is OK in principle, but the prices are a bit high. The fact that delivery starts from a small price is a big plus.
I don't know. Delivery of the most necessary things
What's with the increase in the minimum order value, as it gets closer to lunchtime for office workers, the price becomes sky-high! I just want to have breakfast and not shop for [NUM]₽!!!
Indecently expensive
Everything is fine with the products. But delivery is something else entirely, it says we will deliver in [NUM] minutes, but they deliver in an hour or even more, and it would be fine if this happened a couple of times, but no, it happens every other day, and we use delivery often.
In the last months, delivery has been longer than from Yandex. Although Darkstore is in the house next to mine.
Your croissants are great, but you have to "hunt" for them.
Recently, only spoiled or expired goods have been delivered. If you do not improve the quality of products, you will lose all your customers.
.
Small delivery radius. No expansion.
Norm
Delivery is constantly delayed
Orders always arrive longer than the stated time. Maybe it is worth specifying a longer delivery time interval right away so that customers can plan their wait time for products
Orders are taking too long to be collected
debt
Lodarir
Constant delays of couriers
Everything is super))
Promo codes do not work on new accounts
If I needed a new iPhone or headphones, I would gladly pay attention to this section, but I need a big pack of Always pads! :( And there is none. In many similar sections, you have to choose an alternative instead of the usual :(
I recently placed an order and asked for everything to be sent fresh. But... they delivered a loaf of bread that was [NUM] days old! No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't eat it in [NUM] days, since it would no longer be suitable for consumption (especially for small children)! I was very upset!
Increase the number of points to speed up delivery
Not user friendly interface. Fast delivery!
Everything is very expensive, it will be bad for the grandmothers...
Sometimes you get spoiled products, long delivery, prices are also more expensive than in other applications
Everything would be fine if it weren't for your app. At first I thought that my Huawei is already old, it can't handle it. But when I caught freezes and glitches with non-progress of pictures on Samsung s[NUM]..... This is sad
-
Very often there are delays, we live near the base and still they usually take [NUM]-[NUM] minutes to deliver. Vegetables are always of poor quality.
Delivery is crap
Fruits are often delivered spoiled or unripe. And their prices are like in premium stores. Almost all ready-made food has onions, and I have heartburn from them. You used to have a supplier of salads without onions and packaging for [NUM] kg. Raspberry chocolate is gone. Please bring it back
A very cool "online market" for orders here and now. Sometimes the goods arrive damaged, but this was rare. In general, it would be great if the prices were lower, they would collect more carefully and deliver the orders no less carefully, it would be super 🙂
I hope you get shut down soon
Overall, everything is not bad, there are very few promotions for interesting positions and very strange technical support. I contacted them once, they did not help in any way, they did not even give me a coupon.
I would like discounts and promo codes for subsequent orders
It will do
For a long time
Today they brought me a moldy bun, I'm upset
The quality of support and competence of couriers as well as the Russian language of some of them leaves much to be desired, as well as the expiration date of products. But unfortunately, there have already been so many complaints, and no changes for the better have appeared in [NUM] years.
Vegetables and fruits are just plain "crap", don't do that. It only makes sense to order something that doesn't spoil. Otherwise, green bananas, inedible tomatoes, wooden or rotten avocados. There were no such problems before.
For the second time in a row we didn't make it within [NUM] minutes
The range has significantly decreased over the time of work, the products from the scooter have no competitors, and they are often not cheap. I had to give up convenient service in favor of stores with a large assortment, alas(
I would like to see the current delivery time, and if there is a promotion, then the expiration date should be indicated. The customer support leaves much to be desired. Increasingly, the choice is in favor of third-party delivery services
Everything is fine, only sometimes they bring expired or rotten products. You need to carefully check the goods before sending them to the buyer.
Horribly long delivery!
[NUM] minutes the message hangs that the order is being collected. And then for no reason it is cancelled. If you can't complete it right away, say
Very bad!!!! They removed the product from the order [NUM] minutes before the courier arrived, because of which the order was made. Why can't you report this right away!!!! I wouldn't have ordered at all!!!! I'm furious!!!!!
Advertising that free delivery, but there is always a minimum order amount. It is easier to do as competitors do, indicating the amount for delivery, at least honestly.
Plastic bag
Fast, convenient, but often vegetables, meat and fruits are of poor quality! Track the deadlines! Improve the quality of products and assortment!
They didn't bring what I ordered
The scooter has become longer than other deliveries
normal
.
It's annoying that the amount is always from... sometimes you just cheat with the order amount
Disgusting delivery, when couriers rummage through your order or, at a minimum, turn the package inside out to check if they are delivering the right order. In all other delivery packages, the packages are tied. Or even stamped. The quality of the products is getting worse.
At store prices it would be a great idea to buy, maybe even cheaper.
Delivery time is not correct
It's become very long
Long delivery
They brought moldy cherries and rotten lemons
b
They write [NUM] minutes, but in fact today they have been driving for almost an hour
Delivery is slow for the umpteenth time. You used to be much cooler. Always got it done in [NUM] minutes
I would like the prices to be a little lower, because even in the shops it is much cheaper
Good evening! Lately there have been big problems with delivery to the given address, almost every delivery has to be waited for [NUM] minutes, or even an hour! Very often the crossroads delivery arrives much faster! I don't want to make an order after that!
They take too long to collect orders and deliver them too slowly.
Add cash payment
There are occasional delays with orders. Like today, for example. The order still hasn't arrived.
The courier is delayed, FOR SOME REASON
Changed the original concept of delivery in [NUM] minutes, which is very bad. Now you have to wait half an hour for the order to be collected. Minimum order amounts have become too high, previously it was [NUM], and now it is [NUM]
So everything is great, but I would like fresher products :)
This is not the first time that they bring products that expire in [NUM]-[NUM] days. Does it happen to you that this is indicated in the picture with the product, but why do they bring such products if this is not indicated? 😮‍💨 this is very sad, I do not want to buy this((
Always helps out, but delivery is very long, sometimes they arrived in [NUM] minutes, but sometimes they took an hour. I am happy with the quality of the products, but not happy with how long it takes to deliver the products, although it says delivery [NUM] minutes
Previously, the order was delivered very quickly, but recently you have to wait much longer. And the products are not always fresh, which is very frustrating.
Constantly long delivery, prices have become higher
for a long time
Very often they delay delivery, it takes longer than expected
ok beer
Big problems with delivery lately, the promised [NUM] minutes more and more often turn into [NUM]😡
Not bad. But I got it overdue...
Fast delivery, but prices are much more expensive than other deliveries, so I order from you only when there is increased demand in other deliveries. Not enough promotions.
I don't have time to think about a fucking scooter
It is very difficult to place an order
Prices are higher than in similar markets - this is bad
It always says that delivery will take [NUM] minutes to my location. But on average it is ALWAYS [NUM] minutes.
The stated [NUM] minutes are not confirmed. How many times have orders been delivered in almost [NUM] minutes. There is no compensation for waiting
Not once was the order delivered in the promised [NUM] min. Maximum in [NUM] min. And this is very sad.
Good ones
For a long time
Constant delays in my orders. Tired of waiting
Unfortunately, the support doesn't work well. I often encounter the fact that the goods are delivered to the kidneys.
I live in the very center of the city, delivery sometimes takes an hour, maybe more, they can often bring rotten vegetables/fruits
Bad couriers
N
The scooter is super
Vegetables and fruits are too expensive, sometimes twice as expensive as in other online stores :(
Monitor the quality of the goods! Bring a package of products where ROTTEN apples have spread all over the package! This is impudence! And support can only return the cost of these apples, and the rest of everything, smelling of rot and all in slime, you offer as is? I'll see you!
Expand your product range.
Delivery has become very long
I like fast delivery, but the quality of meat and prepared products leaves much to be desired. Interesting assortment, but, unfortunately, items are quickly sold out and nothing is left (discounts with a promo code never work in the app)
Why don't you work after [NUM]:[NUM]???????
They bring me green fruits, I often take avocado and it is always very tough, not ripe, once they brought very old grapes, it was already wrinkled. They also brought rotten tomatoes. This means that the quality of assembly needs to be improved.
Delivery is not as fast as promised. Always delayed. Support solves issues in half an hour, not as quickly as possible. The minimum order amount can be increased by half a day
Delivery times have increased significantly in the last couple of months.
Delivery in [NUM] minutes turned into all [NUM] or even longer
Convenient, fast
You started so well... increase the quantity of goods and the range.
Long delivery
Not very good service, especially delivery, and especially when dirty representatives from southern countries work in delivery, it takes away your appetite
Ooooooh, so long!!!
They position themselves as fast delivery, but in the end it's the same as everywhere else
The delivery took a long time, I had to wait a long time
The picture shows one product, but what you bring is something completely different, and the girl in support claims that I’m reading it wrong, it’s just so dark!!!
Things can be a bit expensive here, guys.
Prices are significantly higher than in other stores
I want more home-cooked food and baked goods, because [NUM]% of the menu is weird hipster food at inflated prices... and in general the prices leave much to be desired. But the design of the app, the selections, the recipes, the delivery - all of this is top notch
Good day! Delivery time has changed a lot, of course, before [NUM]-[NUM] min now [NUM]-[NUM] min. The assortment has become quite meager. But there are no complaints about the quality, everything is good
Overpriced goods. Delivery is not always fast.
Courier delays have become frequent and the app does not track the courier. Otherwise, everything is great!
The service is generally not bad, but there is one thing, but every time you have to almost shout into the phone to the couriers, because they don’t understand anything about what and where to deliver, that the couriers cancelled orders without our knowledge, “like not understanding where to deliver,” I conveyed verbatim
The selection of goods is small, that's the only thing I don't like.
Convenient delivery, but sometimes they deliver products of disgusting quality (spoiled), some quarries deliver orders poorly
Good, opinion
huge problems with delivery
Very long delivery. It says that delivery is [NUM] minutes, but very often the waiting time reaches an hour, an hour [NUM]
I like the speed of delivery and the quality of the products in the "samokat" line. But lately I have been increasingly receiving rotten vegetables that should have been disposed of, and samokat continues to sell them at exorbitant prices. The quality of the vegetables and fruits is terrible.
Bad, expensive and not fresh
couriers take a long time to deliver
I like everything
Everything is bad
Delivery takes a long time
I want a discount
cool, awesome, well done
I think your couriers should clarify what is in the order/name/phone number. To avoid awkward situations
I don't think anything anymore, I'm disappointed
Delivery is often late
The products are mostly rotten! Especially the meat.
I really like the scooter, but the range could be improved
It's not the first time that non-Russian couriers come, barely understanding what they are being told on the phone. They have called the phone more than once, while standing near the entrance, with the words: Eee... Bah... And something unintelligible... The neighbors are also not happy, they themselves have started going to the store more often
High minimum order amount. You have to add unnecessary items
Shit
The quality leaves much to be desired
Very long delivery
~
Sometimes they bring rotten vegetables, such as potatoes, tomatoes. It is better to have a small selection of vegetables than a large selection, but they are rotten.
Very long delivery, or rather it simply does not correspond to the stated time
The spinach is almost gone. Not fresh. In the trash.
Everything is fine, delivery has been slow lately
I like everything except the expiration dates, especially for dairy products, several times they brought expired ones.
I work normally
Always delay delivery time
Write that the courier will be there in [NUM] minutes, but in fact we wait for him for [NUM] minutes.
The app freezes very often, deliveries are delayed, prices for certain products are high
Disgusting service
Very small selection of vegetables and fruits and too high prices for a small amount of fruits, it is more profitable to go to the store near your home and save half the cost.
Few shares
I would like more discounts and promotions, and also for them to better monitor what vegetables and fruits they put in front of customers. There were situations when they brought almost rotten tangerines and potatoes
Very expensive, discounts are not really discounts, the range is very small, there is no variety
Delivery times are increasing more and more often. But otherwise, the service is very pleasant.
Delivery takes more than [NUM] minutes
I would like to know the actual delivery time, not “[NUM] minutes” but in fact [NUM] minutes, more information=)
I'm an ass
Promo codes that are no longer valid should not be available in the app itself, otherwise it will discourage you from trusting me, just like it discouraged me. I use it simply because I am too lazy to get out of my warm bed now, but I will delete the app in the summer.
From the moment I logged into the app and added milk and bread to my cart, the minimum order amount increased [NUM] times. Inconvenient.
The prices are too high than in the store
It is unclear why hot food can be delivered to one address, but not to another, nearby address. A small selection of dishes that can be delivered hot, for example, from the main courses there is always only one dish with potatoes as a side dish.
Today the courier told me - take your order, it's not mine. I put my amount in [NUM] from me simply and it's not clear how
Lately there have been constant delays, despite the fact that the delivery says [NUM] minutes! I wait [NUM]+ minutes, the prices are higher than usual, but I usually hope for delivery, so I am ready to overpay, but with such delays I will better order from other services, at least they are honest in time
The residue from the spoiled chicken delivered by the courier remained and it is now unsafe to order this type of product through your service.
👍
Prices for some items have skyrocketed unjustifiably, for some the price tag is [NUM]% higher than the store price - pure speculation. I use the service less and less often and will most likely stop using it altogether. You will continue to lose customers because of your pricing policy
Some products are too expensive
I really want the couriers not to lie, but to deliver the order!!
There is a constant problem with your app, it constantly shows the wrong delivery time, you stand there waiting for [NUM] minutes, when it shows that it will be in a minute!!!
Not a very large selection of healthy, sugar-free products. Couriers take a long time.
Lately delivery has been very slow, support does not respond in any way and there is no compensation for delays
Well, it's so-so, they often bring goods with an expiring shelf life, once they brought goods, or rather prepared food, in a cracked container, and I was at work, there were no plates here, I had to throw it away, you should send back couriers so that they could take this crap
Good service, but delivery is a problem.
Sometimes the product is of poor quality, not even checked, but costs as good and fresh. Delivery has become very long, very long. [NUM] minutes ago I made an order and it has not even been handed over to the courier yet. Once it is handed over, it will take another [NUM] minutes to deliver. Earlier is better.
Small assortment.
Nothing good, but there is no choice. You are always late, the stated [NUM] minutes have never been met. I won't even mention the product rotation..
I remember that first order in [NUM] year, which opened up an incredible world of fast food orders for me. Before [NUM] year, I was convinced that I would never go to competitors. Now, I make no more than one order. [NUM] minutes of delivery is objectively not enough for a private label👎🏻.
Is support working inconveniently?.
Convenient service, it would be good to increase the range and improve the quality of the products offered, so that the price and quality of the products are more in line with each other..
I think that you are not focused on customers enough, and in support you use too many excuses about automation systems, as if it manages your staff, deprived me of dinner because someone was a split second earlier ADD PAYMENT ON DELIVERY.
Well done guys!.
Delivery took much longer than promised.
Very long delivery.
Mediocre.
Long time.
It will do.
Long delivery! Horrible!.
Everything is great, but I don’t like the fact that the order amount is constantly high.
Friendly staff. Fast delivery. But the quality of products (vegetables, fruits) is not always pleasing.
Delivery time has increased several times. Support does not respond. It is easier to cancel orders than to wait.
Long delivery, inflated prices for many products, pickers pack bad goods, rotten fruits and berries, expired.
Long delivery, small selection.
🥲.
The last order took an hour to be delivered! The courier mixed up the address and we spent a lot of time figuring it out!.
Fast delivery.
Unfortunately the order has been hanging for a very long time, so they will start collecting it soon..
Very often couriers do not arrive even in [NUM] minutes, very often the demand is high and the order is from N rubles..
Often the products are of lower quality: rotten potatoes, rotten carrots, apples are extremely sour. The prices are higher than others. I bought tom yam for almost [NUM] rubles - I have never tried anything worse than that. Delivery people. A separate song. Make them keys already!.
ov.
Long delivery time.
Long delivery!!.
I really like the service, but I'm afraid to order vegetables and fruits because the quality is disgusting, often spoiled products are delivered. It's a pity, because sometimes they are needed.
PRICES FOR MOST PRODUCTS ARE AS IF WE WERE IN A STORE IN RUBLEVKA, ORDER ASSEMBLY AND DELIVERY ARE THE SAME AS IF YOU WERE PREPARED AND MAKING THESE PRODUCTS YOURSELF.
Overall ok, but often spoiled and not fresh..
Too small assortment Limited quantity of some products.
Delivery is always very slow. Today, instead of [NUM] minutes, delivery took almost an hour. Support promised that the courier would arrive in [NUM] minutes after the call. In the end, it took [NUM] minutes again. After this order, I'm deleting the message and will use Yandex..
Couriers are constantly late.
Disgusting delivery.
You don't live up to what you advertise, several times the delivery was delayed for a long time, if you position yourself as a delivery "up to [NUM] minutes", please do it! And the fact that buyers are often given stale.
An hour has passed and the order has still not been collected..
Long delivery, never delivered within [NUM] minutes.
Delivery from a thousand rubles is expensive, it used to be better....
I like.
Every time when ordering in the app they write "The courier will be here any minute" - you have to wait at least another [NUM] minutes. I want them to write the real time. At the moment I have been waiting for the order for almost [NUM].[NUM] hours, [NUM] minutes of which "the courier will be here any minute".
Everything is fine.
Delivery speed has dropped significantly. Prices have increased, the range is replenished very rarely and not very diversely. Discounts have also become noticeably fewer. Couriers are constantly late by [NUM] minutes or more. The level is still good, but no longer [NUM] points..
There is very little to choose from, I would like more choice.
Very long delivery.
Everything is great, but the prices could be lower..
Nothing.
Not always fresh produce.
The delivery time has increased significantly, [NUM] min. are not stated!!!.
Very convenient for mothers on maternity leave👍The kids are great, although sometimes they forget to put something😄.
Phone support has stopped solving anything at all - all questions are sent to Telegram. Telegram has not responded for three days now - first they write that it takes [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, but no one answers even within an hour - then they postpone it, then again a bot and so on to b.
Overall the service is not bad, but often you have to wait for your order for a very long time, even though the fixed time is [NUM] minutes, it can easily increase two or three times..
The fruits are often not fresh, sometimes with black spots, everything else is excellent.
The quality of the goods is really terrible, sometimes it's a stinking pilaf that smells like plastic, sometimes it's a dirty bottle with holes in it with the product. I love Scooter because it has fast delivery, the couriers are always polite. But the goods are just crap. Why did you limit the number of letters?.
[NUM] of [NUM] times you're late. Otherwise, everything's ok.
Very long…..
..
poor quality of food, some expired products.
Most often the products are not fresh..
Very very long! Always late.
Everything is not so bad, but often orders are delayed and vegetables arrive not fresh..
What time is delivery?!.
Everything is good with you, except DELIVERY!!!!.
Your competitors have a lot more choice and lower prices..
you are a wonderful service, but the delivery has been very disappointing lately. instead of [NUM] minutes they bring it in an hour, very often there are some mix-ups with orders, it's a shame :(.
Pretty good delivery, but the delivery time is not [NUM] minutes, but [NUM] hour [NUM] minutes. Otherwise, not bad at all..
You are not telling the truth that the courier will arrive in a minute, but in reality he arrives in [NUM] minutes..
A pigsty and a bicycle dump were set up in the yard.
Waited for products [NUM],[NUM] hours. If I had known, I would not have ordered. There is no information about the order time in the application. I have to write to support..
Prices are much higher than in the store itself!!!.
Good selection, but very long delivery if the order is large.
Yes.
more often than not, the goods are delivered "not the first freshness", the delivery is below average, the support is the same.
Why can you only order from a certain price? Why is it so expensive here....
A couple of times the goods received were of not very good quality..
Super.
Expensive for minimum order.
Not enough of everything and it's expensive, wow guys.
I would really like to see reviews from other buyers on the product. It is very "scary" to try many things without reviews..
The prices are very high.
Delivery is constantly delayed.
Disgusting service.
Slowly everything.
I don't know😅🥲.
It is worth keeping a better eye on the expiration dates of goods.
Very often they deliver spoiled or stale products, especially at such an inflated price, it is unpleasant. Couriers also began to deliver orders very slowly.
Good service.
Delivery time + rude courier.
Fine.
Typical Soviet service, I would like to see that in the spirit of the times, the couriers are kept neat and tidy, and the assortment is taken care of.
Very long delivery!.
The service is very convenient, they started to be late in terms of time. It would be nice to expand the range of household goods, children's things and possibly over-the-counter medicines.
Long wait, I think there are few delivery people in [NUM]-microdistrict.
Disgusting function to give an order by phone! I can't be on the phone all the time at work, because of this the courier does not give my order to other colleagues, cancels it and leaves. Because of this, both me and my colleagues are left without food. I will switch to Yandex.
Fast, but sometimes the products are spoiled (the potatoes were rotten, the onions were often spoiled, once they brought a bulging vacuum package).
..
They declared [NUM] minutes, but in fact it took [NUM], they didn’t even hand it over to the courier….
Good service, but I encountered a problem with displaying the delivery on the map, the address itself changes and the couriers cannot find me. I was also very upset by your chat with support via telegram, they never answered me.
Some items are overpriced. You can buy them cheaper in a regular store. But I want to note the excellent work of the couriers ❤️.
Excluding a product from the list must be done with the consent of the client, sometimes you order precisely because of a product that is ultimately out of stock. You can contact them and offer a replacement. The service is not finished. Today I was very disappointed with the order.
OK.
The time is constantly indicated incorrectly, instead of the stated [NUM] minutes, they deliver from [NUM] minutes.
Several times they brought expired goods. The discount system is stupid - you inflate the price, then make a "discount", but your own discount will not work, a bigger one is applied)))).
It's ok, but sometimes the food that comes in is expired....
Very good delivery and prices for products. But sometimes I need to order from [NUM], and the order needs to be ordered from [NUM]..
Lately, delivery has been taking a long time, which is quite unpleasant.
The delivery time has completely stopped corresponding to what is written in the application. I wait for the order for an hour or more. The prices for some items are too high. The application does not work correctly. But the saddest thing is still the delivery time..
Regular instruction of couriers is very necessary. Each delivery is a complaint. It is necessary that they be able to read and understand Russian.
..
Too long to wait.
Very expensive.
Everything is great, but the delivery is very long, there are always some delays, I would like to sort this all out..
Very long responses, missed delivery deadlines, issues with low-quality and hazardous products are not always resolved!!!.
The vegetables and fruits in the warehouses are not fresh, they were brought in withered, some yoghurts have an expiration date that practically expires in a couple of days, this is not good.
I ordered an order from [NUM]:[NUM] they collected the order and now I'm [NUM]:[NUM] waiting for the order I don't know where it is.
Very often delivery takes about an hour, although you are positioned as the fastest. Yandex Lavka delivers goods much faster. In addition, their prices are often lower..
You screw up often.
After [NUM] minutes of waiting for the order, I call technical support, they answer: the order will be delivered within an hour. Disappointed today. Very, very bad..
Kakf.
We need to reduce prices! On fresh vegetables and fruits! Eggs and milk..
?.
Delivery is terribly long!.
Very long time.
Everything is fine, but sometimes the delivery is very long. This has never happened before..
Guys. Write real delivery times. Because your darkstore is [NUM] minutes walk from home, and you deliver in [NUM] minutes, instead of the promised [NUM]. This is not the first time this has happened..
Delivery almost always takes a long time.
I love your delivery, but lately there has been no talk of "[NUM] minutes"... It has become faster to get to the store, it's a pity, but the delivery time has almost doubled....
Overall, everything is fine, but delivery used to be much faster.
Couriers are always late.
I really want the quality of the products to be higher! This is the main problem with the scooter. Do a survey on the products after each order and remove the product that people don't like..
I don't like that sometimes I have to order from you for a larger amount than I would like, and because of this I just have to not place an order..
Terrible support who do not pass information to the courier and cannot ask to ride their bike to the neighboring house.
We ordered [NUM] times and each time the courier "could not contact us", although we left our contact details.
Orders are constantly delivered late.
Very expensive, often does not correspond to quality! otherwise very good.
Delayed time after time.
Often they take the goods out of the basket to make it easier to carry......
The fact that there are many different products is GOOD, but every time I make an order, there are always delays, no warnings about this, until you YOURSELF start calling, no one warns about the courier being late. If you evaluate on the [NUM] point scale [NUM]/[NUM].
Make your minimum payment smaller.
the quality of vegetables and fruits has been disgusting for a year now, the prices are also too high, it is easier to order from Pyaterochka or Magnit, there you can buy something more profitably even with paid delivery..
Everything is terrible!.
Very expensive, the range is terribly poor. Always high demand and you need to dial [NUM] and more, but here the point is lost, you can order from Magnit.
Everything is great, except for the company's attitude towards couriers, I feel very sorry for the guys who ride in the rain and in the heat with incredibly heavy backpacks. The company's attitude towards its employees is terrible(.
Only good things).
Very little choice.
The couriers don't know Russian!.
It's been taking a very long time lately to collect orders and deliver them!.
The time often does not match the actual delivery time, but otherwise everything suits me, I would like to increase the number of gift stores.
The order amount always changes, the courier takes a long time to deliver. They have gone bad, they used to be better!.
The products are such that you would definitely not buy them in a store, which is not good. The prices are sometimes too high. The couriers are impolite, they throw away the products, unfortunately..
Add cigarettes.
The idea of ​​the scooter itself is good, it's a pity that the implementation leaves much to be desired. When ordering, it would not hurt to make a division: a message for the assembler/a message for the courier. And even here I can't write "ALL" as indicated, because of the character restrictions..
to deliver products the price is constantly changing!! at work because of this I sit hungry.
I like everything very much, I want to order again and again..
Good organization of home delivery of products, but little things spoil the impression of you..
Well, you are like that, sometimes you are good, and sometimes I wait for my water for an hour and cry..
Excellent service! Very convenient, especially when the cat lies on me and sleeps, and it's raining outside like now... 😅 why don't you have alcohol? I won't get drunk with you guys... I want a free pudding with white chocolate strawberry, at least give me a discount on it 🤗.
Often they don't deliver on time, sometimes they don't deliver the whole order or not what you ordered.
There are no promo codes for regular customers, it's a shame.
About two or one and a half years ago it was nice to order from a scooter, but then some problems started, either half-hour delays (with delivery in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes), or couriers who had absolutely no idea how to provide service, and the rest, unfortunately, does not fit here (.
There are problems with delivery!!!.
Delivery time issues.
If you buy without points, it is very expensive..
Inadequate work of couriers..
Expensive.
Delivery has become slower lately.
It happens often!!! The order is not delivered on time.
takes a long time to collect and the assortment is small.
Lately couriers are very often late. Delays can reach up to [NUM] minutes, with fast delivery it is generally not very pleasant..
You are a good store but your delivery is very slow!!!!!.
From three yoghurts and two chocolates, they managed to bring [NUM] a punctured yoghurt.
Remove support from TG. Make it inside the app like in Yandex.Market..
Inconvenient catalog. Very.
The courier does not wait for the client for more than [NUM] minutes, the operators do not fulfill elementary obligations. Emphasize that the Yandex delivery service is much more loyal and professional to its clients.
Very convenient delivery, but the prices for products are very high.
The waiting time is often incorrectly indicated and couriers are delayed.
Please teach couriers how to use mobile phones and maps. It's impossible to find an entrance [NUM] minutes.
fast but little.
Very long delivery.
Almost everything is great, but there could be more variety.
I miss vegetarian and lactose-free products, the range in these categories is poor.
Lately, delivery has become very slow 🥲 instead of [NUM] minutes, we wait [NUM] hours or more.
You are trying) it's cool).
I think that we need to set a minimum order amount of [NUM] rubles and that's it! And not increase it. Previously, the order was from [NUM] rubles! Then from a hundred! Sometimes it's from [NUM]-[NUM] rubles!!! If a person doesn't need anything for that amount?.
Good company, convenient.
I'm sick of removing items from an order and not talking about it..
Horror.
Delivery takes longer than you write..
Bring me everything that is about to expire.
ABOUT.
Very long delivery. [NUM]-[NUM] minutes.
Norm.
I think that we need to expand the boundaries of food delivery, because I am not included in the boundaries of courier deliveries, and we are all separated by just one house.
Delivery takes a very long time.
Delivery is often delayed, support is slow to respond and does not help solve the problem..
You have stated delivery in [NUM] minutes, although this never happens. And if Yandex shop always writes a clear time in which they will deliver, you write nonsense every time. It's very offensive :(.
Very long delivery.
Stupid jumps in the amount for delivery.
The minimum order amount is large, couriers take a long time to arrive.
Delivery took [NUM] minutes instead of [NUM]..
The order has been hanging for [NUM] minutes at the moment of payment. There is money on the card, VPN is turned off and the Internet is stable.
Convenient service, but delivery is quite long. Often longer than [NUM]min. Recently, the chicken has a smell, most likely incorrect storage conditions, since the term is normal and you do not know where to send a claim since the product looks normal.
Long delivery.
Delivery is often delayed by [NUM]-[NUM] minutes.
Constantly deliveries from five hundred and a thousand rubles. I can't order so often for such amounts. For example, I want one thing. Sitting in quarantine, I can't afford to go outside. Frequently running out of stock is also a very big problem..
Prices are too high than in supermarkets, little choice. Few promotions and discounts..
I would like a discount as a regular customer.
Stop putting your products first, it's really disgusting that you have to scroll through a million scooter products before you find something you need, it's really annoying.
The courier did not see where the bell was in a typical house in the center and cancelled the order without even calling the phone.
There is no support, if I am not satisfied with the expiration date of the product, it is impossible to return it. I have no desire to order more..
The support is disgusting, all templates, scripts, etc. Delivery says [NUM] minutes, but in fact it takes [NUM], [NUM] hours.
The delivery took [NUM] minutes, and the timer was [NUM] minutes and then I just waited in the dark. The support replied that this is normal, the answer was a clause from some contract, which says that delaying delivery is normal. This was my last order. The client is on [NUM]..
Prices would be lower than x[NUM].
You are constantly late with delivery.
Orders take a long time to be delivered.
A.
Some items at [NUM] and more percent are more expensive than in chain stores. Samokat products are mostly tasteless. Often very high minimum order value, while many products are easier and cheaper to buy in a chain store with delivery.
Very long delivery, for which there is not even any compensation. Many products that are simply not available compared to other stores. Prices for many items are [NUM].[NUM]-[NUM] times higher than in a regular store. We use it now only as a last resort. [NUM]/[NUM].
Several times we did not receive the order because the couriers could not find the entrance to the house and did not call. The entrance is from the street, the only door, this is additionally described in the comments. The support is indifferent. I make orders less often only because the child loves your products.
Everything takes a very long time, fruits and vegetables are not fresh.
The customer support service works poorly, delivery is often delayed, you call customer support - they feed you with promises, you can wait an hour or two hours on top of the allotted time, in return there is no discount, nothing..
The quality varies greatly from store to store, but our home scooter is a lottery, they can bring spoiled products, they can stretch the delivery for an hour..
Orders started to take a very long time to be delivered..
Constantly late, we often order ice cream and it comes either crumpled or melted.
Sometimes they take a long time to get to you.
Everything is good, only the delivery is very long, compared to other services.
Only fast delivery is good.
Delivery, which is declared as "very fast", has become more and more often delayed. The minimum order price is increasingly from [NUM] and higher. This causes inconvenience and pushes to choose other deliveries..
The goods are too expensive. If you go to the store instead of ordering, it will be cheaper. I would also like you to remove the function when an order can be made from a certain amount..
Convenient, but sometimes too expensive and time-consuming..
Delivery has become worse. Long wait.
The service was very convenient, without increasing the minimum order amount. I spend about [NUM] minutes choosing products, and in the end I can’t place an order, because during this time the minimum order amount has increased again. Because of this, I switch to other services..
Shit, not an app. No discipline. Couriers work as they please, orders are simply cancelled.
It's getting worse with delivery times and overstating the minimum order price. Yandex is cheaper and has more choice among products. Right now the courier is late during the day for more than an hour. It turns out that you are faced with deception when the deadline is not known in advance.
Lately, they have been collecting and delivering orders for a very long time..
The delivery is always overdue. I also ordered capsules for the coffee machine many times, and boiling water always leaked onto the table. I don't even see the point in writing to support....
It's been a long time, not the first time.
It's very long, they just write about the stated [NUM] minutes, in fact it's half an hour, you could have run to the store yourself.
High prices, the bread they put in is almost always yesterday's. The same with dairy products - not fresh..
Every time I wait for eternity.
Long delivery, irresponsible couriers.
Not once in the last weeks have they arrived on time. We order because of the speed, we have to cancel orders. Horrible. There were no such problems before.
They take too long to collect orders, and I won't even mention the delivery itself..
Very often the greens they bring are old and wilted. A couple of times I had to return them, and sometimes I just threw them away. The pickers need to better monitor what they send. Otherwise it's just disrespect for the buyers..
Sometimes they bring not fresh. Often the goods are more expensive than in the shop. I would like more variety in ready-made food. Small portions..
Sometimes delivery is very long, it is better, of course, to warn about it in advance. Well, and the prices for most products are too high. On the positive side, I really like your production of "samokat" products, the composition is always good..
Often goods are delivered that are almost expired - this is the main disadvantage.
Delivery has become very slow. Moreover, the weather does not affect the speed at all, and the application shows that the courier is coming soon. This can last for tens of minutes.
The site freezes, orders twice.
Lately the avocado is always terrible, they put green bananas in and you wait [NUM] minutes for your order even though it is in my house.
Long, although close to home.
Sometimes delivery takes a very long time, make it possible to contact the courier..
Not once have they delivered normal ice cream. There are expired ones.
We need more promotions and quality products at minimal cost..
The courier has been on the road for an hour, although they promised [NUM] minutes.
Fast, this is the main advantage. Often the goods are not delivered, when talking to the call center they say that everything was put in the warehouse, but in fact it was not. Couriers are often rude, their appearance leaves much to be desired, when you walk down the street you have to go around them, nervous..
Very long delivery.
Everything is good, but the delivery is lame!!!.
Delivery most often exceeds the specified time. I don't mind, I understand the couriers, but please, if the couriers can't cope in [NUM] minutes, set the delivery time to at least [NUM] minutes. You could also add a courier tracking function to calculate.
;).
You faggots take too long to deliver support, cocksuckers, idiots, don't know shit, don't understand shit.
I ordered it. The delivery took a long time..
Delivery used to be faster, now it takes longer.
Well, you are the bosses, and your support treats people badly. But otherwise, everything is fine..
Couriers do not read comments about where to deliver products. You have to go outside and look for a courier! This is a huge minus!!!!.
Fast and convenient delivery.
Previously, delivery was within [NUM] minutes, now it has become longer and the waiting time is constantly changing..
There is room to grow.
Specify the correct order waiting time. Write [NUM] minutes, and in fact [NUM] is obtained.
Lately there have been problems with delivery, I waited [NUM] minutes, now I've been waiting for more than [NUM] minutes, I like the quality of the products, the range is wide. But if there are always such problems with delivery that I have to write to support, I will refuse you.
Your scooters are certainly long, please improve the service. And give them T-shirts in this heat, poor kids..
The working hours are inconvenient. It should be [NUM]/[NUM] or at least from [NUM] in the morning. The range and availability are always better at Yandex Lavka. Lately, the delivery time has increased significantly, although the darkstore is in the neighboring building.
delivery takes a long time.
As soon as they started working, the couriers would arrive in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, now the delivery is a minimum of [NUM], a maximum of [NUM],[NUM]-[NUM]. It's easier to go and get groceries yourself. I order now only because I don't want to lug around heavy things. Otherwise, the convenience and quality have dropped a lot..
Comfortable.
You take a very long time to deliver compared to your competitors..
Stop hiring Khachis who can't read.
You are cool.
I don't take "proven ripe" [NUM] anymore since they bring unripe ones from [NUM].
Bad.
You have very good delivery..
Not enough prepared food.
Often they bring in dairy products whose expiration date is the next day..
Too long.
You have started to be late often..
Constantly late, couriers do not warn about delays!.
I add a product with one price - in the basket it is [NUM],[NUM] times more expensive.. why? If this is some kind of promotion, and for the product to cost the same as on the main page, then this is very confusing and the buyer is unhappy, since there is not even any note about it.
There are regular problems with delivery. If before they delivered in [NUM] minutes, now the wait is [NUM] and an hour. And first it says one time, then another. There are a lot of products from scooter, but there is no way to read reviews about them, and the taste is often not very good.
Lately, they have been taking a long time to deliver and to collect and process orders. Yandex [NUM] is much faster in this regard..
Long delivery.
Expensive, not always fast and the last few times almost spoiled (we had milk that had a couple of days left).
Vegetables and fruits are not fresh.
Please bring drinks chilled!.
Expensive, but sometimes very necessary.
Lately, there is always a delay with the order. They bring the products, but after two days they are already spoiled (even though the refrigerator is at the right temperature and the expiration date on the products has not expired).
The quality of vegetables is terrible, constantly rotten potatoes and onions.
The product range is good. That same advertisement with delivery in [NUM] minutes does not justify itself, I once waited for an order for [NUM] hours, is that normal? They did not even offer to smooth over this situation. Customer focus is zero..
Look for a courier for a very long time, sometimes you can wait an hour for an order. During this time, you can cook old dumplings from the freezer and cancel the order, than wait..
You're getting worse.
For a long time.
zbs.
terrible quality of fruit, always rotten ones. Couriers mark the delivery before they deliver. The selection is small and already boring..
If you didn't have some products that other deliveries don't have, I would never order from you, wait an hour or more...in [NUM] year, when time is important! As soon as I find an alternative, I will gladly refuse.
Delivery has gone bad, delivery times have become longer. Many items are out of stock, so I have to order from Yandex.
Good delivery, but take better care of your quarries.
I used to use it often, but now the service has gotten worse, the people in tech support are unfriendly, the couriers constantly bring spoiled fruits and berries....
The products are delivered later than shown in the app..
Prices are much higher than in stores. Sometimes the order amount is too high..
..
Very long delivery, sometimes up to [NUM] minutes. Too poor assortment, compared to Yandex shop..
I ordered for the first time, the order included lemonades, semi-finished products and ice cream, all the ice cream ended up at the bottom, as a result it turned out to be mush, I will not order again.
You have a great service, fast delivery, but the range of products for fast delivery is limited and it is a little more expensive than in other services, but the delivery amount threshold is low, which allows you to order several times a day and take what you need, this is the main reason.
Everything is fine.
Super fast.
I often encounter unprofessional and sometimes rude communication with the support service..
Why write that delivery takes [NUM] minutes, if in fact it is most often [NUM] or more?....
For a long time.
Well done!.
Couriers are paid little, the workload is heavy. There are no promotions, no discounts, prices are high.
It would be much more convenient if it were possible to track the courier when he is on the way, like Yandex).
Couriers don't read comments! Orders are delivered late! Stupid service! I don't recommend.
[NUM]) Delivery time is often stated as [NUM] minutes, but in fact delivery takes longer. This is unpleasant. Then write [NUM] minutes immediately, not [NUM]. [NUM]) I would order more often from Scooter if the prices were like in supermarkets. Scooter prices are higher..
Very long delivery.
If you're lazy, it'll do..
Please write more precisely the delivery time.
I think it was easier and better before, when there were no minimum order amounts. And now only from [NUM] rubles. It is not always convenient to order something so that it was exactly this amount..
Orders have been taking a long time to be delivered lately. Increase your courier staff..
Reduce the minimum wage and prices.
Delivery is always longer than the time stated in the app! I consider it a big minus.
It's terrible when you make an order because of one product, and you reach the order amount that increases with each minute, and in the end this product is not there and they simply deliver without it, call like other stores and offer a replacement, otherwise, and everything else is not needed.
Too big in value, but overall not bad..
Prices for products are higher than in stores, small assortment, few promotions and individual special offers.
Lately there has been slow delivery and unripe mangoes..
fast delivery and lots of ready-made delicious dishes.
It often happens that when you order, you specify one delivery time, but it is delivered later..
You promise delivery in [NUM] minutes, but in reality it always takes longer. Everything else is fine.
Terrible support, they write only in scripts, no normal information and constructive response.
The closest darkstore to me is in the same building as cheap fast food and all the goods are soaked with the smell of oil. Including fruits and vegetables... You may not believe it, but we once threw out a package of water because it had an oily taste. Horrible.
I like it, but the delivery time has increased ((.
Discounts and promo codes are now valid only for products without a promotion. This was not the case before. Now the level is like in Perekrestok and Dilivery. Sad(.
The [NUM]% discount you promise is not applied to the order.
Sometimes delivery takes very long. And it's very unpleasant for such prices!.
It has become expensive.
You are often late.
Not a big choice of fast food. Small assortment of fish and seafood. No ice cream [NUM], [NUM] kg and [NUM] kg.
I don't think about you.
Not a very convenient application, it is not intuitive where to look for a particular product..
The courier is always late, and the order is often not delivered..
You remove products from the basket without warning.
The service itself is excellent, however there were precedents with couriers who found my number somewhere)) Fortunately, it was resolved without incident. I would like more selection and more friendly couriers..
Very good app but some prices are too high, such as: coffee drink, apple cider, chips.
Very long delivery. Vegetables arrive spoiled.
Delivery rarely arrives on time.
Prices are high. Very often there are no necessary products.
The minimum order price is too high, I would like more discounts.
I don't like the quality and the prices aren't very good either. I don't like that they don't return money for poor quality and foist off a coupon. I don't like that a bot answers and not a person. I try to use it only as a last resort if there is absolutely no way out..
The minimum order price has increased too much over the last year. Couriers are late by [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, and sometimes they deliver the order in [NUM] minutes. I would like to say separately that some couriers should learn politeness and start saying hello..
Yes.
The promised bonuses are not always awarded..
The application works very poorly, please fix it!!!.
The first order brought dairy products with an expiring date... I was upset about this and did not want to order from the service anymore. But after some time I tried again, I like the speed of delivery 👍🚴🚴‍♂️.
The shop has better products..
It would be cool if you collaborated with bakeries, they are everywhere in our city, and it is not always possible to run to the store from work, pies in a scooter are of course cool, but everything ready-made, which is stored for a long time, does not taste very good,.
I think everything is cool, the prices need to be lowered a bit, then it will be the coolest of all ❤️.
dear guys.
[NUM]. Long delivery, from an hour. [NUM]. The timer about when the order will arrive shows the wrong time [NUM]. Support takes a long time to respond or does not respond [NUM]. Search does not always work, the product is in the category, but not in the search..
Recently, they have started to bring low-quality goods, especially dairy products, including expired children's yogurts more than once. This has never happened before. As for delivery, everything is very fast, the couriers are always very polite..
Conduct preventive conversations with couriers more often and everything will be fine!.
Convenient app, fast delivery. About [NUM] times they delivered rotten products. It's inconvenient that sometimes you don't write honestly when the courier will arrive, but it says "he'll be here any minute", and then another half hour passes. It would be easier to immediately know that you have to wait another half hour..
Add a range of baked goods. Croissants with chocolate were removed (very upset, we always took them) the search for products in the application is very inconvenient. Everything is colorful (it is better to make it simpler) and the prices for some items are certainly very inhumane (needs to be fixed).
The app works very poorly, the search is very inconvenient, the range is small, I didn't find what I needed.
Constantly being late.
Expand the range, I go to ozon fresh or lenta online, due to the fact that most often there are no some positions in the scooter, and there are no alternatives.
The support is crap, they often send expired goods, the products of the company "samokat" are garbage, and they are also unreasonably priced, the search is simply inconvenient.
Delivery has become very slow, the five has started to deliver faster. Although they do not promise in [NUM] minutes.
Delivery times have increased significantly.
Couriers are often delayed by [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, support does not respond in any way as a notification, but only the phrase "we can't help, unfortunately".
More expensive than in stores and even with a discount it comes out more expensive, it's convenient, but it would be better if the prices were cheaper, I think there would be even more buyers.
Long delivery. Even when you write "it will be with you soon", it can arrive in [NUM] minutes..
<= [NUM] minutes - the actual delivery time, approx. The order collection time may be the same or more..
Convenient and fast.
Good app, convenient for mothers on maternity leave) But sometimes they bring low-quality products.
Convenient application, fast delivery, but unfortunately the range is inferior to competitors.
Very often the stated delivery time can be multiplied by [NUM]. I would like to see the actual waiting time (and not just see in the app "the courier is about to arrive" and track the courier on the map. In this you are losing out to Yandex..
There are few features that make you want to come back here, few delivery options, few products and types of products.
It was better before.
more assortment of ready meals, better quality of food preparation.
More than once they brought spoiled vegetables, the last time I ordered cucumbers I had to throw them in the trash because they were rotten, why don't your employees check the order before sending it?.
It's a long time to write.
You take a very long time to deliver the order. I waited an hour for the last one. You never make it in [NUM] minutes, as stated..
Fire the support and put the support people in place, and the delivery people are a complete horror [NUM] minutes and left, canceling the order.
normal.
Well, fuck, the mayonnaise arrived defective, Sennabon is fucking expensive, nothing to choose from, buns are always running out. I wanted to buy a sausage in dough, but there are none, fuck, I had to try to eat mine, and nothing happened..
ppppppprrrrrr.
More variety, lavash, tortilla, fruits, biota, some dairy products, but otherwise not bad👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻.
There are few options.
Incorrect data in the application, long delivery.
The minimum order price has become too high, couriers are very often late and create problems due to the almost complete lack of knowledge of the Russian language, support does not work properly, the arrival time is displayed incorrectly..
I am a shea.
I would like to see a more varied assortment..
❤️‍🔥.
Delivery has become disgusting! Instead of [NUM] minutes, the order takes [NUM]-[NUM] minutes! And no apologies or changes! This is far from the first time. Nothing changes!.
Need to deliver faster.
There have been many cases of spoiled ready-made food being delivered to the office. When contacted, technical support simply charged the cost of the product. In this case, it is necessary to exclude low-quality products and charge customers a larger bonus as compensation..
No nuts with condensed milk from the scooter, no ham from the scooter.
It's a shame that they removed sugar-free energy drinks.
Everything is fine.
Payment on iPhone does not go through Sbol somehow we need to solve this. Also, the courier delivered the order in a backpack, not a thermal bag, so the ice cream melted((the chips were soft-boiled... Overall disappointment..
You claim that delivery takes [NUM] minutes, so I choose your store over competitors, but I have never received my order on time. Every time you break the delivery time and bring a lot of stress. When will you stop lying?????.
The delivery took a very long time. [NUM] minutes with the stated [NUM].
You have interesting products that are not sold in the store near your home. Prices for some products are inflated. Fast delivery..
Be more loyal and attentive!.
The exact delivery time is always written incorrectly, they write [NUM] minutes, they deliver in [NUM].
Very long delivery. Yandex and SberMarket arrive faster..
They're taking a long time to collect today.
This is not the first time they bring in an avocado that is supposedly ripe, but it is green as grass..
No order.
Poor product quality..
Great when you need it urgently, convenient when the weather is bad, but the delivery time... is constantly delayed... then immediately write to increase the delivery time..
Everything is fine, I wish the couriers were faster.
Delivery takes a long time.
Bring back the oatmeal cookies with cranberries, they were delicious!!!.
Sometimes you have to wait for an hour for an order, the support works very slowly and is unresponsive.
Constantly late couriers.
Everything is fine, but it would be nice to expand the range.
Couriers are super slow, delivery time in the app is not correct, there is no way to quickly track where the courier is.
Very small selection, especially energy drinks. Prices are reasonable considering the quality of service.
Chicken sausages are just disgusting, not worth their money even with a discount. They replaced them with cheap ones, terrible taste, in the trash. You can come and take them back, and return the money to the card balance!.
Ice cream always melts I order and it melts broccoli black bad capsules scooter always no they are always needed.
Don't write "deliver in [NUM] minutes" if each of your deliveries takes half an hour.
Very convenient service, but the support is lame with their answers according to the script, also sometimes they bring spoiled products, which clearly had a broken storage method. No complaints about the couriers..
I wish it was possible to order the desired product without a specific price for the order..
Well, it's okay. I'm poor, I ate dear, but sometimes it's great to please yourself with your food and delivery. Thank you..
I don't think about you).
The last time I was very disappointed because the order contained products that expired the next day. After that, I had an unpleasant aftertaste and my trust dropped. I would like to receive fresh products..
So-so.
for some reason the delivery to my house is very, very long....
There are no promotions for old users..
The minimum order amount, depending on the area, is from [NUM] to [NUM] rubles, delivery is often delayed, customer service works well, they gave a discount for damaged goods, but I would just like to immediately receive a good product.
Good delivery, big competitor to everyone, but I would add goods at low prices, the population is getting poorer.
What I think cannot be described in words.
Norm.
I would like to improve the quality of vegetables and fruits, as they often arrive broken and worthless.
Very often the delivery is delayed, although they write that the courier will be with me any minute. I wait for hours!.
Tights in all [NUM] sizes.
👌🏼.
Very often they started to delay delivery!!! And then there are no apologies or discounts.
We were having a blast.
They often deliver spoiled products (rotten oranges, spoiled ready meals, etc.). Often the prices are very high for products that are much cheaper in the store, for example, lightly salted fish, everywhere [NUM]-[NUM], here it is often [NUM]-[NUM], delivery is always delayed.
Everything is fine.
Very long delivery often, [NUM] minutes. The range is poor. The search in the application is strange. You write oil, part of the oil comes out, and to see all the oils - you need to go to a special section. Well, this is just an example. But overall I like the scooter.
You are very cool, I wish you to develop further, but could you make it so that the order is not from a certain amount or from [NUM] rubles regardless of the time).
Delivery is a disaster. It says [NUM], [NUM] hours, but in the end it was more than three and that's not a fact....
Delivery has gotten very bad. They have started to constantly raise the minimum order price. They take a long time to respond to messages in support..
🤷‍♂️.
Often delivery is more than [NUM] minutes even in the main . Why advertise like that ..
Everything was great, a big plus is that the delivery is very fast, but they wrote off my thank you bonuses for nothing and that was very upsetting(.
Everything is great, only some positions are more expensive by [NUM]% than in the same Yandex.
Excellent application, I would like to see prices not [NUM] times more expensive than in the store, otherwise prosperity and success!.
You are awesome :з.
Add where the courier is! It is impossible to plan your time!.
I don't know.
The app on [NUM]+ delivery time has recently left much to be desired, I order from many addresses and now from Korneichuk. But the couriers are not Russians, they spoil everything, I would like Slavs, but the black-assed ones stink and try to say something when they should give it....
There used to be a supermarket in my area, now it only takes [NUM] minutes to deliver, the selection is smaller. The prices have become very high, well, this can be forgiven, considering the fast delivery, but the quality is very poor, especially of their own products. It used to be better.
I've been shitting with your support for two years now, when the order is delivered in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, and they answer me with the same template messages.
The application does not display the current delivery time. Information about the courier's location is needed..
Delivery doesn't take [NUM] minutes, it can take [NUM] minutes, [NUM] minutes, but not [NUM].
If you improve the work of couriers, then the rating for your service will be [NUM] out of [NUM].
Delivery has become insanely slow, please fix it finally.
very high minimum threshold for delivery.
Good delivery.
Why the hell write off money if you don't have the goods in stock?! First collect the goods, then write them off!.
I don't think about you.
Delivery does not always arrive on time, payment method is not convenient, payment without cash!!!.
[NUM] minutes indicated, deliver [NUM], this is taking into account that you collect orders in the neighboring house 👍.
Why write in the app that delivery takes [NUM] minutes, if regularly in the evenings and sometimes during the day I wait for delivery for about an hour or more? I live in the city center, not on the outskirts..
Energy drink adrenaline, while in the store it cost [NUM]p - [NUM]p, on the scooter at that time it cost [NUM]p - [NUM].
Couriers take a long time to deliver.
Always long delivery, prices are higher than in Yandex store.
I am pleased with the speed of delivery, but I am upset by the constant delays at the assembly stage.
Good store, but a bit expensive.
Previously, you delivered orders in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, now only order collection takes [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, and delivery takes [NUM]+ minutes in total. Please increase the number of couriers. The number of orders is increasing, and there are probably the same number of couriers, if not fewer..
There is a lot that needs to be improved..
Very long delivery lately.
You write the terms of the promotion “pay for a purchase with SberSpasibo points”, but the scooter does not allow you to pay with these bonuses.. It’s somehow stupid...
Support works poorly every time, products can arrive with mold, rotten or hard baked goods. The reaction from support is nothing. Delivery considering that being in the neighboring house recently more than [NUM] minutes.
There is a very big emphasis on the support service, excuse me, what kind of stupid people did you hire there?.
I would like to see customer reviews on each product card. You really do have products that are not tasty, and I would like to know about this before ordering (especially finished products), and the same with tasty products..
Inconvenient search by sections, delivery is often delayed.
Sometimes delivery takes about an hour or more..
Ice cream is always delivered melted. Give the couriers thermal bags.
The courier has been on its way for more than half an hour, support promised to check and call back in [NUM] minutes, then don't write that Delivery within [NUM] minutes, if you call the courier by phone and call back [NUM] minutes 🤦‍♀️ I already wrote about courier delivery that it's more than [NUM] minutes.
Delivery can take a long time.
Not a bad app, not a bad company, but the difference in delivery speed makes you expect better..
Guys, I love you dearly and order often. But please, stop writing that delivery is half an hour, if it is NOT! Better to write right away that it is an hour, if there are few couriers, many orders and it is clear that you cannot cope! At least it will not be so offensive(.
Faster delivery, efficiency.
The price markup is too big..
Terrible, support doesn't work properly, no delivery after an hour..
Storage quality needs to be improved. Fruits/vegetables/greens are of poor quality..
Very often the products are not fresh, spoiled, as if the storage conditions were not observed. This is very frustrating. A certain category of products has already formed, which I chose not to order from the scooter for this reason.
Lately it's always been very long.
Payment for the order in cash.
The service has deteriorated, delivery takes [NUM], [NUM] hours(.
The plus is fast delivery. But the quality and delivery of products are disgusting. Fruits and vegetables are rotten or will spoil the next day even in the refrigerator. When delivered, everything is opened, poorly packed and scattered..
They have deteriorated very much. Now you can wait for delivery for [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. Couriers mix up orders. There are many unpleasant situations with delivery..
The prices are quite high and I prefer Ozon Fresh for a higher check. The assortment is more meager than in Yandex Lavka. Also, the quality of food has become much worse in terms of fruits/vegetables, and the production of Samokat itself was much tastier at the start.
Delivery more than [NUM] minutes.
Hi, I'm subscribed to you, I'm subscribed to your tik tok, I'm subscribed to your profile, and to your tik to my account, and you're my most beloved friend, and he has one too, I have one too, he has one on your phone, I have one on tik tok.
Initially, I fell in love with the scooter for the ability to quickly and with free delivery order the necessary items, but here every time the delivery is from [NUM], and sometimes from [NUM] rubles.
Every time it says the courier "will be with you soon" you always have to wait another minutes [NUM]. The appearance of the couriers leaves much to be desired, they are unkempt..
It's very convenient to place an order, but I've never been able to pay tips through the app, it's glitchy....
More and more often, spoiled products began to arrive: cabbage in bags, apples, avocados, tomatoes, cucumbers..
Lately, delivery has been very slow!.
Prices are too high, other deliveries have kept their prices low and have reached the same delivery times.
Time [NUM] minutes, now half an hour. What's the difference from other apps then?? We chose the scooter for its speed, now it's all useless..
Irresponsible work of couriers and support. We will not order from you again..
Very slow delivery. Last year always delivery from [NUM] minutes..
permanent price settings under [NUM] rubles.
Good luck in your work..
Once they delivered my order [NUM], [NUM] hours, instead of the promised [NUM] minutes. Support did not respond either in Telegram or by phone. No one apologized for such a delay. The client needs to be notified somehow. The status did not change in the app either..
Hello, everything is great, sometimes the delivery is delayed, and the assortment is small, otherwise I am happy! 👍.
Delivery is fast, but delivery guys rarely finish in [NUM] minutes. The range is not very large. But overall, it's nice that you exist.
Too expensive and overrated, poor treatment of employees.
Very long delivery and technical expenses do not help at all.
[NUM].Very long delivery!!!With the stated [NUM] minutes, sometimes delivery takes up to an hour!!! [NUM].The minimum order amount is too high. [NUM].Prices for products have increased, as have everywhere else, but with you it has increased too much :(.
Too much markup.
Couriers are constantly late, delivery time is always longer than stated.
Where is the kozinaki and real cola??????.
Lately we have to wait a long time for delivery, the ice cream is always delivered already melted and crumpled, it's a shame.
Overall, I like everything, it's very convenient when you forgot to buy something in the store or there is no opportunity to go to the store. The couriers are mostly nice guys, polite (they always wish you a good day). A couple of times they brought goods with defective packaging..
I called to complain about the courier. Because he behaved disgustingly. They promised that they would contact me. And silence. Very unpleasant..
Orders in case of shortage of couriers and minimum order amount limits are still made and wait for them simply an incredible amount of time. In case of shortage of couriers, it is necessary to notify customers that delivery will take no less than ... Plus the support works terribly..
Lots of expired products, delivery is always delayed.
Previously the order was from [NUM] now from [NUM] not so much!.
They took a while to deliver.
Very long delivery..
Optimize the delivery process somehow, or don't write that the order will arrive in [NUM] minutes, when in fact it arrives in an hour.
More promotions and a more convenient app.
Every time the delivery is late, the prices are higher than in other places.
Orders are often not delivered on time, you can wait for an order for [NUM]-[NUM] minutes and only receive words of apology in response, which does not contribute to anything further! Delivery has deteriorated to the maximum.
delivery usually more than [NUM] min.
For a long time.
Everything is fine but the prices are crazy :( And we are ordinary people, not rich.
The warehouse from which they deliver to us is very bad. Vegetables and greens are always rotten and moldy. Delivery is very long, although you position yourself as fast delivery. Expand the range of meat, other companies..
The markup and range are disappointing.
Everything used to be great, but the selection was small, now the choice is much bigger, but the prices are very high.
It is normal to calculate the delivery time of the order. Couriers are constantly late.
..
Disgusting couriers who don't know Russian and constantly forget the goods from the order, lack of normal technical support (you can never get through to you).
Very long delivery, in fact they promise to deliver in [NUM] minutes, but they are always late. I would also like a slightly more convenient search in the application.
The products do not always come in good quality and cost more than in the store..
At least thanks for this.
It happens that you delay the order for delivery and do not inform about the exact time of delivery for a given area. Unfortunately, this is not right in relation to customers, you do not respect time.
Very long delivery, instead of the stated [NUM] minutes, delivery takes [NUM],[NUM] hours.
There are often problems with delivery. Sometimes they take a long time to deliver, sometimes they don't deliver the order at all (like today)..
Very long time.
I order through SberMarket - it's more convenient there, but for a week now it's been giving an error message that it's impossible to order a scooter.
Long. Very long..
Often the most obvious goods run out. Either there is no lemon, or there is no bread, which you always take. In large cities the selection is richer..
Orders take a long time to be collected and are not always delivered on time.
super cool scooter.
Compared to competitors, delivery is long (competitors deliver in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, and the scooter recently in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes), plus the range is smaller.
Nothing.
You don't monitor the freshness of vegetables, fruits and berries at all, and no matter how many times I ask you to check the storage conditions, everything remains the same....
The assortment is being replenished very slowly. There have been no children's curds for a week now.
They always deliver the order in [NUM] minutes, in an hour. I had to throw out the tomatoes I ordered - they were disgusting, we couldn't eat them..
Fast, but prices are high.
There are no my favorite cereals for the morning with duckling. There is no Maggi dressing for borscht, Druzhba cheese.
Small selection of products.
..
Everything is generally good, but sometimes they bring obviously spoiled products. For example, I was brought crushed ice cream and blue cheese (not the kind that should have it). I would also like a larger selection to order..
I have been using your service for a long time now and about every second order I make is delayed somewhere along the way, which is a big let down for me. The service is partly cheap and easy to use. These are the only advantages at the moment.
Very convenient, the cost is higher, but this is offset by convenience, and if only the delivery sometimes did not take up to an hour, otherwise the whole point of the service is lost. If the speed continues to be high, the same SberMarket wins in terms of speed/cost.
Hello.
Fine.
The courier left, the order was cancelled! Outrageous!.
Delivery times are too long, but the products are always top notch.
The assortment is absolutely useless, delivery often takes longer than promised, the goods often arrive in a rotten state, which is hard not to notice during assembly - that means you put rotten stuff in on purpose. And hire more operators so that they respond in a timely manner, and not in [NUM]-[NUM] hours.
Long delivery to home address, little choice in branch at home address, no personal promotions.
add the function to select the amount of fruits and vegetables.
You keep bringing baby food and the next day the expiration date is over!.
Vegetables and fruits are not very good quality, no discounts for regular customers.
You are late too often. Or rather, always. It is impossible to get any information from support.
The order is being delivered for a very long time.
I don't have time for this..
The range of finished products is terrible, the support is also lame, the composition of the products in the application sometimes does not correspond to the real one. There is no choice of products for proper nutrition. The loyalty system is useless..
great service, but it's very annoying that the delivery time is always indicated as [NUM] minutes, but in reality it's almost always [NUM]-[NUM], and sometimes even [NUM]. It would be more convenient if they indicated the actual forecast.
When I'm too lazy to walk, my choice is a scooter.
Very long delivery lately.
delivery is very fast, but some prices are a bit steep.
I like free delivery, but lately they deliver not in [NUM] minutes, but longer, although my warehouse is in the neighboring house. I want variety in ready-made food, since almost nothing has changed for a long time..
I'm just in shock, they never refill the food, it's easier to go to the store.
Long delivery.
You are good.
It says delivery [NUM] minutes, but in fact it's an hour.
The android app is disgusting. Lots of lags and bugs. The main page doesn't render at [NUM] FPS on Pixel [NUM] Pro.
Poor and poor quality compliance with food storage standards - in particular milk and cream. Very often they deliver milk close to its expiration date. Milk turns out to be sour. I complained to the support service more than once. In the end I stopped ordering..
Everything is excellent.
I don't know what it depends on. But it happens when you order delivery, not only does it arrive all beaten up, dented! But the products are also expired..
it's ok, but I'd like the prices to be lower and the assortment to be more varied (like office supplies).
Yes.
No delivery takes [NUM] minutes, always around [NUM].
I like everything very much, but it's a pity that the range of favorite products often runs out, for example, cheese in Belgian chocolate. Fruits are often either not ripe yet, or have defects in the form of dents, stains, etc. And the idea with recipes in the app is just super!.
You take a long time to deliver. We've been waiting for half a day..
Long delivery.
Faggots, late.
It says you'll deliver in [NUM] minutes, but it's longer..
Last year the minimum order price was cheaper, but now it's a total nightmare.
Complex site.
Not [NUM] minutes at all, but [NUM]!.
Uniform selection, prices are higher than in the store, but at least the delivery is free.
The goods always arrive either wrinkled or rotten!.
I am generally neutral towards you. But the only thing is that your prices are very high..
….
EXPENSIVE.
Couriers are often late.
Lunch delivery times not met at [NUM]%..
Couriers in [NUM] of [NUM] cases are inadequate.
When you are delayed, write for how long. Otherwise, technical support answered "delivered today". With such deadlines, you can order anywhere.
Overall, it's more or less OK. But delivery is often delayed, which is very inconvenient. I would like a more diverse range of ready-made food. I would also like to improve its quality and portion sizes..
Second time in a row delivery delay.
The delivery is very long, maybe it depends on the area of ​​the city, but I'm tired of waiting for the order for an hour every time.
Delivery is very long! Products are often delivered spoiled! If the product in the order is finished, they do not warn about it!! I am not happy with the quality lately.
Very long delivery.
It used to be better. The range has narrowed. If the order is late, the support can't help. There used to be many different promo codes, now there are none at all. Your giveaways are not transparent. If Yandex Store removes paid delivery, I'll go there..
For the last few months, you have been delaying orders a lot, instead of the stated [NUM] minutes, I have to wait up to [NUM] minutes, and support is not even trying to resolve this issue..
Delivery was delayed again(.
Good delivery.
Well, it's a cool online store, but the prices are still expensive, but it's good that there are at least discounts.
I always wait for the order much longer than it says. Like today..
Several times in a row the courier is delayed by [NUM]-[NUM] minutes.
[NUM],[NUM] hours delivered the order to a friend, thank you).
Don't monitor the quality of the products!.
Employee attitudes towards work need to be reconsidered.
Fruits and vegetables do not arrive fresh, salad is extremely wilted. Delivery without tracking, which is inconvenient, you have to stand and wait from [NUM] minutes to infinity. Search in the application is terrible. A large amount of goods is missing.
In general, I liked everything, but now ordering from [NUM] rubles has become very inconvenient. I'll rather leave you. It's a shame.
Good delivery, good products.
Very big delays in delivery time. Delivery takes more than an hour..
Long collection of orders, respectively, longer delivery times, respectively, often late.
Everything is fine, I would like a bigger selection and for the app to not lag :[NUM].
???.
Shit.
For a long time.
Previously, the scooter claimed to be the fastest delivery. Now delivery is [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. The products were delivered badly more than once, ice cream was delivered melted twice.
Delivery often takes more than [NUM] minutes.
We are very happy with the platform, but there is often overload, I really don’t want my order to be twice as big as stated.
Fast.
Delivery time has increased!.
I think the scooter is a good offer, but I wasn't satisfied with the quality, once I received a rotten coconut..
Delivery used to be faster. Now it can take a very long time. Almost always delayed..
Everything is great, but delivery has become constantly late.
Let couriers read comments to the order.
Stopped giving discounts for orders being delivered longer than [NUM] minutes. Discounts are very small for large orders..
In the evening the order may be delayed by [NUM] times.
Great, fast, but expensive app.. Prices are higher than in the store. Often the necessary products are not available, because they are marked as "sold out"..
Even with the high demand feature, deliveries can take a very long time to arrive. Fruits rarely leave much to be desired. Otherwise, so far so good.
Norm.
Development and smiles to you, and more discounts to us!.
Horror! Started well - ended badly.
Overpriced for a so-so choice.
You are awesome, only the iOS app has been searching for a product for about three eternities lately, it's tiring. And you're lying about [NUM] minutes, better write [NUM], otherwise you're annoying, not a single order for [NUM] minutes, but you stubbornly continue to write about it.
The prices are much higher than in other stores, even free delivery does not help. The assortment is poor. I used your services constantly only because of the fast delivery, but here too they have gone bad! You have to wait for an hour, or even longer. Only disappointments.
It takes a very long time to assemble an order of three items, delivery to the neighboring house takes [NUM] minutes, [NUM]!!!!!!.
You take a long time to deliver the order. I would like the order to be left at the door..
Well done!.
Hello.
OK.
Prices are higher than other stores.
No need to write that delivery is [NUM] minutes, if in fact it is always longer. Write the real time right away.
Tasty, a bit pricey in some places.
improving products 🤪.
They don't write that there are a lot of orders and there may be delays, you have to wait half an hour or more.
I hate it when I have to wait an hour instead of [NUM] minutes. No one ever apologizes..
👍.
Hello.
If there is high demand, it is better to write right away that delivery is from an hour, for example.
ass.
Cool.
The prepared food is terrible, the delivery is long ([NUM] minutes to my house).
The service has deteriorated - delivery has become slow [NUM], [NUM] hours! [NUM] hour! Delivery conditions: from [NUM] p, from [NUM] p? For what reason? At first, everything was delivered at once and without any: from [NUM] p Cream of cheese soup - often they deliver of inadequate quality, apparently diluted with water.
Your support service has failed to deliver information to the courier in a timely manner on several occasions..
I like everything, but it often takes me a long time to get the products (about an hour). And sometimes there is not enough assortment.
I think the courier went home early and I won't see my order, most likely I'll have to give a discount on the next order.
For [NUM], as if it were a receipt in some cafe, but in fact [NUM].
Very few vegan options, no choice for lunch or breakfast.
Too expensive, for your brand the price does not match the quality.
Delivery sometimes takes more than an hour and a half, while the stated delivery time is up to [NUM] minutes.
Terrible, there are never any couriers, you are late. The shop takes [NUM]-[NUM] minutes to deliver and I wait for you for [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. At the same time, the warehouse is also very close. I would like to see logistics like the crush, so that I can immediately see where the courier is. And in general, I would like faster delivery..
Spoiled fruit.
My wife ordered chicken several times and it was gone..
Delivery takes a very long time, sometimes up to [NUM] minutes.
Great service and fast delivery, but very high prices.
They deliver spoiled products with a disgusting smell..
..
bastards why did it take so long to deliver my order? I managed to freeze everything, motherfuckers.
Every time there are some problems with couriers, although the scooter hub is two minutes from my house. It would be cool if there was a map and it was clear where the courier is. And write the real time ....
Bliss.
Everything would be fine, but delivery took longer than [NUM] minutes, and I would like to add cash payment.
They brought pelmeni and vareniki in a defrosted, stuck-together state.
Often spoiled products are delivered.
Long delivery 🚚.
There are sometimes delays in delivery, which is not good..
Everything takes a long time.
cool but not always.
Delivery is fast, everything is convenient, but the selection is very small, the prices for many things are a bit high.
They can only deliver to so many places, which is very sad..
Delivery has become more expensive + prices for goods have increased, there are not enough baked goods.
We've been waiting for [NUM],[NUM] hours and the operators are just silent.
Very often the delivery is late.
For long delivery you can give promo codes or discounts. Otherwise you may have to wait an hour for delivery, then it is better to order on other services. The whole point of a scooter for me is fast delivery, if the delivery is not fast, then the point is lost..
You take a long time to deliver and the order amounts are too often from [NUM]p.
Waiting for order more than [NUM] minutes, regulation [NUM] minutes, why do you promise if you do not comply with this regulation?!.
Nothing.
For some reason it seems that your service is less convenient to use and select products than Lavka. Previously I used only Samokat, now I switched to Lavka and I come back to you only if they sold out of the products I need..
Long delivery.
Couriers don't ring the intercom. Although this is the main thing when you understand that the courier has arrived.
The order time is written as expected according to service standards, and not the time the courier will actually arrive. The fact that the inscription "will be with you soon" lasts [NUM]-[NUM] minutes is only confusing, it does not make a positive impression at all.
Almost every order is delivered late. The quality of the fruit leaves much to be desired..
Initially, it was a huge plus to deliver an order in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, now you can wait [NUM]-[NUM]. There is no longer this big plus in your favor, in comparison with other deliveries, where the assortment is wider.
I stopped ordering fruits, poor quality.
Class.
I didn't have time to pick up the phone, the courier drove away from under my nose, I couldn't stop him.
Very expensive minimum price! If you don't reduce it I won't order, and by the way I play in the Premier League in football.
Prices are too high, delivery people often ignore requests to leave the order at the door and cause inconvenience.
Delivery has become very slow - sometimes it takes half an hour. The increase in delivery prices is also not encouraging. [NUM]-[NUM] is still okay, but sometimes it can be [NUM]!!!.
It's gotten worse, the service speed has dropped significantly. Constant delays and/or a very high order threshold. I've been using it since the very start of the app - the difference is very big..
Often expired or spoiled products are delivered.
Some products are unreasonably expensive, delivery has recently become better, it arrives not in half a year, but a little earlier. There are essential products and this is good, but I would like to see more variety, especially fruits and berries.
Very long delivery, over the last six months the products have not been delivered on time even once..
Delivery was delayed. The quality of food, especially the cutting of vegetables in salads, should be improved..
Sometimes it happens that the products are not very fresh, especially vegetables..
More variety and everything will be good.
Poor customer focus, no promo codes when there are problems and long deliveries.
Yesterday the courier delivered the order for an hour and a half, the app said it would be in [NUM] minutes the whole time.
Horrible service!.
You don't have enough promo codes for regular customers, only for new ones. Not very nice. It's worth learning from SberMarket in this regard..
Often the product delivered is not fresh..
Often deliver products with expiring expiration dates! For example, a dozen eggs that expire in [NUM] days! There is no way to leave wishes for the collector! It is impossible to contact support in the application.
I already wrote to support, but there was silence in response..
The range is small compared to competitors, delivery is often delayed up to an hour.
You have strikes, and customers suffer from it. You couldn't give me proper advice, you couldn't even answer whether the goods would be delivered to me today or not. You are the worst in terms of technical support.
Previously, you could order from the amount that suited you, now from [NUM] p is not very convenient. Prices have increased by [NUM] times 😪.
Nothing.
Zbs.
A bit expensive and a very small selection, very few products that are in a regular store, you don't have them.
The app itself is very good, but the employees are just awful. I used to work in a scooter myself and I had a merchandiser who took away the written-off goods and did not give them to the employees. Terrible bikes, no one looks after them and they only fix them if they are completely broken.
You only won with the speed of delivery! But to wait for the order for more than an hour instead of the promised [NUM] minutes?! The order is cancelled, next time I'll better place it in Lenta. They also deliver in an hour, but the prices are lower..
It is not normal to bring products whose expiration date is in a day or two.
Recently, the composition of Samokat products, which used to be made from natural ingredients, has worsened. Lots of preservatives, margarine instead of butter everywhere..
Please write the REAL delivery time of the order, and not these "[NUM] minutes". In the end, it is not [NUM] minutes, but a lot of wasted time..
Fresh stuff needs to be brought in. And without any packaging bugs..
Everything is not bad, but there is a problem with delivery. The delivery time is indicated one way, but in fact it is longer. The problems started in [NUM] year.
They are taking a very long time to deliver the order, although there is no delay, increased demand, they are delivering in [NUM] minutes, they should deliver in [NUM] minutes, it is a disaster(.
Beauty.
I only go to scooter because of the delivery within [NUM] minutes. When it is longer - the app actually loses its value.
Speed ​​up delivery if you position yourself as a fast delivery service.
Delivery takes a long time.
Fine.
The quality of the products is average, chilled meat can be delivered with an expiration date in the middle or closer to the end. Prices are [NUM]-[NUM]% higher than in the store! The fruits are individually small, the bananas delivered were dwarf, unripe. There are no complaints about the weighted fruits..
Your delivery of bread, fruits and vegetables is terrible. The bread they always bring is stale! And sometimes it is stale! I want fresh bread! Almost every delivery of fruits or vegetables is spoiled products. Yes, you give a discount, but I want to receive fresh products! This is your minus!.
The courier is constantly late, tech support doesn't call back, the order status isn't updated, waiting for the order for [NUM].[NUM] hours.
Often long delivery.
Courier.
It's cool, but it doesn't deliver everywhere, they stopped delivering to many places.
Previously, there was a wonderful service with fast delivery and quality products, but the further - the worse. Now literally in every order they bring rotten products or products with mold (vegetables and fruits)..
Overall not bad, but the product search is lame, some basic things are missing. Lately, delivery has been slow.
Many times green or spoiled vegetables and fruits arrived. Today they delivered for more than an hour. Sorry, but I'll switch to Yandex.
Support is slow to respond, delivery does not correspond to the specified intervals, the application of discounts is almost impossible to calculate independently. And the deception with "promo codes inside" that do not exist - well, that's just trash..
The packaging of products has started to limp.
Discount promo codes don't work!!!.
Expensive.
Support doesn't give a damn if the delivered product is not up to par. If you promise [NUM] minutes, this is a bilateral agreement and you violate it without asking whether I like it or not - in fact, we are delayed. And the most important thing is that you are not in traffic jams but on scooters..
You.
Lately, delivery has been taking a very long time..
I love your service, but lately I have noticed that the quality of goods has become terrible. Often they bring moldy and rotten fruits, vegetables, berries. Prepared food has arrived several times with its last day of expiration, the soup has somehow come sour..
A scooter is a great help sometimes. Especially in situations when guests are about to arrive and you forgot something in the store. But in fact, the prices are sometimes very high compared to a regular supermarket..
The assortment is poor, delivery takes a long time. Some products are unreasonably expensive. The only plus is free delivery.
High prices. Lately. Delivery [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. Although warehouses are within walking distance.
I would like more service from tech support.
One of the best things that could be improved is that the rating of products and customer reviews are visible, because you buy and don't see it like a pig in a poke. Then you complain to the support, which doesn't hear anything and doesn't really change anything..
Lately orders are not delivered even in [NUM] minutes. No support solves the problems that arise, for example with the wrong price of the product. They say that these are technical features of the application and do not even give promo codes.
Unfortunately, the delivery time has become too long, not like before. I understand that this may be due to a lack of staff or the popularity of the service, but it still affects the fact that I order here less often. But everything is great, thank you! I like the assortment.
😊.
Spoiled. I don't order from you that often anymore. [NUM] times I encountered low-quality goods, fish and chicken.
Very frequent delays and late arrivals.
I really don't like that orders are delivered only by non-Russians. It's unpleasant and disgusting to receive products..
For a long time.
+ fast delivery. - high prices, small assortment, small territory coverage.
the quality of products sometimes leaves much to be desired…...
Bad: You can't rely on delivery. Very long. Place of promised [NUM]:[NUM] delivery more than [NUM] hours. Good: Large selection of products. There are products from abroad, there are discounts..
Previously, the courier would arrive in [NUM] minutes, but now you have to wait [NUM] minutes or more.
Delivery is almost never [NUM] minutes. It's very sad..
Very often the delivery of the order is delayed. Sometimes you wait [NUM], [NUM] - [NUM], [NUM]. Plus some couriers do not even say hello. The quality of fruits and vegetables is often not great. For example, buying strawberries for [NUM] rubles - and there are [NUM] green berries. It is better to go to the store and buy a kilo of red berries.
You write in [NUM] minutes. And when you arrive somewhere in [NUM] minutes. all the ice cream melts..
In the specified time [NUM] minutes, [NUM] order arrives from [NUM]. Technical support has been saying the same thing for [NUM] years: we are expanding the staff of couriers. But the situation does not change. There are no questions or complaints about the couriers themselves, only about the marketers who come up with unjustified slogans.
Terrible attitude towards delivery, I can simply silently cancel the order without notifying the customer, citing that the courier allegedly could not get through..
So that it would be possible to order not at [NUM]p, but at least at [NUM].
Products often arrive sour, there are no discounts or promo codes for late couriers! If you position yourself as a fast delivery service, please be kind enough to work on your service.
Sometimes the milk is expired or sour. Long delivery time..
I would like to be able to leave reviews for products to avoid irrational purchases..
Lately delivery has been slow.
The courier is late. There is no notification in the app about the correct delivery time. I wrote to support: they say that it will take [NUM]-[NUM] minutes to clarify(!)…..
Everything is bad, after the payment was made in [NUM] minutes, they wrote that the order was cancelled and returned the money.
Almost every order has an expired product or a poor quality product. Although overall your service is excellent!.
Faggots.
It says delivery is [NUM] minutes, but it's always delayed, so it takes [NUM] minutes. Every time. Sometimes after an hour they say to wait another hour..
Rarely do they deliver orders on time.
Add more prepared food!!!!!:)).
I like it, the delivery is fast..
I would like to have more choice and have products in stock more often, the prices are steep, so I order less often than I go to the store, I can really see the difference in cost.
They brought me rotten stuff and support doesn't respond, what do you think I think about you?.
Very long delivery.
Whenever it is needed quickly - there is a delay, when it is not needed quickly - they deliver instantly....
Long delivery, frequent delays, compared to Pyaterochka and Magnit, prices are [NUM]-[NUM]% higher, although the difference was not so significant before.
I like the scooter for its assortment, a lot of things that you won't find in a regular store; good prices; I don't like that you can often order from a certain amount; that delivery has become often late.
Doesn't fit.
Everything is fine.
Well, everything is great, but some products are really not available, or they are sold out very quickly..
The scooter is a great help when you are too lazy/don't have time to go to the store for small items. BUT: delivery used to be faster. During busy hours, the minimum order amount reaches [NUM] rubles - why would you order from us at all then?.
often forget to report goods.
The scooter is located in my house. Recently, delivery has become noticeably longer..
The scooter is good and better than all the services I like it very cool app I give [NUM] stars.
It really pisses me off when you write that delivery will be in [NUM] minutes, but the courier arrives in an hour. It really ruins my mood and attitude towards the service. I never ordered anything from Lavka before, but now I do, I'm slowly moving there.
Simple quality of products! Prices are higher than in the supermarket!.
Total nonsense! On other platforms you can always add a product that you forgot, but here you have to place a new order for at least [NUM] rubles because of a pack of pasta🤦‍♀️.
It used to be faster).
Delivery takes longer than [NUM] minutes, given that the order is usually for [NUM]-[NUM] items....inconvenient search for products, make a catalog like in SberMarket. And your prices are slightly overpriced.
It takes a long time to get there.
delivery is slow, orders are mixed up, support is not helpful, prices are high.
Very long delivery, does not match the timer.
[NUM]. Delivery in [NUM] minutes has been a "fairy tale" lately, minimum [NUM]-[NUM] minutes delivery. [NUM]. The minimum order amount in rare cases is [NUM]-[NUM]₽, usually more. [NUM]. Competitors in Yandex shop, at the moment work much better than you.
Constantly waiting ~[NUM].[NUM] hours.
I don't think anything about you.
The minimum order amount is annoying.
A bit expensive.
You're taking too long to deliver the order!!! I could die.
Couriers do not notice comments..
I like using this app, fast delivery, there are favorite products. Not always polite delivery people and often poor quality assembly of products, I do not take some products through the scooter, as there is a high chance of getting low-quality, spoiled goods.
The [NUM]% promotion on an order from [NUM] is a pure scam. Everything is not as it seems..
The collectors don't care about the comments.
I don't think anything good, degenerates work here.
Delivery has become unbearably long, the main time now is from [NUM] minutes, very often they deliver bad goods.
Delivery is ALWAYS late from the stated time. Sometimes [NUM] minutes, and sometimes the delay can be an hour. I am increasingly leaning towards other stores. The quality of products has deteriorated recently, frozen food is thawed, tomatoes are soft. Support is zero..
Delivery level - I would like a more careful attitude towards goods (for example, a dessert that spilled into the bag during delivery).
Everything is great, but you're a little crazy.
I completed the game, they gave me a promo code for [NUM] percent on a purchase of [NUM] rubles, I tried to apply it for the amount of [NUM], and the program wrote to me that I had already chosen items with discounts, but the conditions did not specify.
Delivery always takes longer than stated [NUM] minutes, vegetables and fruits are often moldy, products with expiring dates.
You are good, fast, but very expensive and not always fresh. When there are discounts, you want to buy a lot. Khachapuri is excellent, the price of honey is pleasing. It's a pity that the promo code for the general basket began to apply only to goods without a discount, I understand! But it's still a pity!.
Previously you had delivery [NUM] minutes, now only orders can be collected in [NUM] minutes and the order takes longer to be delivered. Then remove the ad that you deliver in [NUM] minutes..
It is very inconvenient to contact support. And sometimes the information about the courier's arrival is incorrect. They write that he will arrive in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, but it takes [NUM]..
I don't really like the delivery part, couriers are often late and in Yandex store couriers are friendlier.
Try to reduce prices by increasing delivery time.
It is very disappointing that there is no built-in support or communication with the courier in the application..
Prices do not correspond to the stores, what you have costs [NUM] rubles in a grocery store [NUM] rubles and vice versa, make free delivery from [NUM]-[NUM] rubles, but make a delivery from [NUM] rubles with paid delivery there [NUM]-[NUM] rubles, it is not always enough to order.
Tired of waiting, often a very long wait.
Raise the courier rates and fire all the coordination❤️.
Absolutely inadequate speed of delivery of orders. There are no [NUM] minutes even on unloaded days / hours. There is no way to contact the courier to tell him how long it will take to be on site (this is often very necessary, because delivery is required in a short time.
Normal, after [NUM] delivery is required.
The most disgusting service in the world. I ordered [NUM] bottles of cola for [NUM], [NUM] liters and ice cream. The ice cream was placed under [NUM], [NUM] liters of liquid🤡🤡🤡 The situation repeated itself more than once. The support is disgusting, only wastes time and does not solve problems..
Very long!.
The delivery took a very long time, but everything else was fine..
Late.
Many times spoiled or expired products were delivered, so I order from you only when I urgently need something.
Delivery takes at least [NUM] minutes and is almost always late.
Convenient grocery delivery service, but sometimes expired products are delivered.
How many times has your courier not arrived on time?.
Everything is fine, only with an order from [NUM] p you won't be able to compete with Yandex shop. Better do it like they do, paid delivery.
They started to take a long time to deliver. It's very frustrating..
Delivery is often delayed, which is unpleasant because you expect it to be delivered on time..
For a long time.
normal.
Very high prices, small selection, which varies greatly from area to area, few promotions.
I understand that I live far away, but for all the deliveries (about [NUM]-[NUM] pieces) my order was delivered on time only [NUM] times.
Very convenient, delivery could be faster.
The refund process is not working properly!.
Very long delivery.
Delivery is sometimes long.
For a long time.
The Devil's Joke.
The prices for a number of products are too high, the range is small, the milk products from Samokat are very tasteless, so I don’t want to buy other products from Samokat (except for coffee, the coffee is great).
Dear scooter workers, as always and everywhere, there are failures and shortcomings in work, so I wish you to come up with and implement effective solutions to all problems that arise, and in general, everything is great, good luck!.
The selection is not enough, there is no choice of meat at all.
Bliss.
Delivery speed in many cases is more than [NUM] minutes.
If you removed the sign "deliver in [NUM] minutes" then your couriers would stop being late every time.
The temporary price of the order is not satisfactory.
A very inconvenient application, it used to be better, now I don’t even want to use it, I only had to open it because of the child..
Everything takes a long time to arrive, although I am not at the end of the city, and the prices are sometimes high) probably in Yandex food it will be faster.
meow.
I have been using this delivery service for over a year now, but lately all the greens that arrive are on the verge of spoilage, and the avocado, despite the “tested, ripe” sticker, is simply stale. It is very unpleasant to make a salad from such products..
The pizza with the sign "We'll bring it hot" was delivered very cold.
I think that you are all decent guys there, if only you could learn to read comments, you would be friends for life.
They started delivering the order very slowly.
Nothing good.
Delivery has become slow, some products are delivered with only one day left on the shelf life!.
if the courier could call the person directly (as it is implemented in taxis) instead of the manager calling and saying "your intercom is not working or the courier cannot find the entrance. It is easier for me to explain to the courier how to get to me correctly) + increase the number of words here.
The last order took over an hour to be delivered. Although it said [NUM] minutes.
Fine.
They often bring expired goods.
It's not convenient that delivery is from [NUM].
The minimum order price is too high, it used to be okay, the price was not that high, but now it is almost always very expensive.
..
Long, although I'm in the next building. Write [NUM] min, they come in [NUM].
Very long delivery, sometimes it takes from one and a half to two hours.
I don't know.
Don't want.
conditional discounts. very often discounts on goods pop up, and a little lower there is the same product, but without a discount - for the same price. delivery is not [NUM] minutes)) but this is nitpicking, I understand everything. Good service.
Your delivery speed has dropped significantly :( Often there are problems with avocados - they are either wooden or rotten.
Very small range of products. Not all scooter products are of high quality..
Terribly spoiled, very long delivery. No one keeps to the stated [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. Small assortment.
Small selection, immodest prices, prepared food for such quality is too overpriced, otherwise everything is ok.
Constantly waiting longer than stated, I order for work, they are always late, they do not notify how long it will take for the courier to arrive.
You often put items with expiring dates (items not from the sale section). The quality suffers greatly: sometimes the cucumbers are half-withered, sometimes the pineapple is green, sometimes the bread is three days old, sometimes something else. Only the assortment and speed save the day (not always).
They started taking a very long time to deliver 😞.
shit.
Improve working conditions for couriers and business will improve..
The order has been delivered for [NUM] years already, and they promised [NUM] minutes.
The app is not very good, you can't write to support directly, only to Telegram, and they answer in a day. You can't track where the courier is. The quality of the goods is sometimes terrible..
Hujatiea.
Very cool guys.
What's confusing is that the prices are much higher than in VkusVill, which delivers [NUM] hours. At the same time, your delivery is delayed in half the cases and it turns out the same. I would like to write more, but there is no room here... it's funny, considering that you ask me to write everything)).
Fast delivery is always a joy. The range can be slightly increased and discounts and promotions can be added not only for the first order, but also for old customers.
🫰.
Energy drinks are legally sold without a passport, but some delivery people require a passport and cancel the order. consider this.
Delivery speed has deteriorated significantly in the last six months. Orders are now arriving more often in [NUM] - [NUM] minutes instead of [NUM]..
Your products are very tasty and your vegetables are always fresh, but unfortunately, you have to switch to other deliveries, since the range of products from other brands is poor.
Expensive.
I was late for class because of a delay in delivery, I was scolded, I was sad :( Mom won't let me go for a walk now, they gave me two more points in physics(((((.
You are lovely! I wish the price for the Caesar salad was lower.....
Prices are often too high. I'd rather pay [NUM]-[NUM]p for delivery, but get better prices for products. Small selection in orders [NUM] minutes after the appearance of [NUM]x hourly delivery. For example, at [NUM] o'clock no one will bring me [NUM]x hourly delivery. Inconvenient..
Very convenient service, but small selection, very often I fill a large basket with products, you don't have something, and I have to order from another service. Sometimes vegetables and fruits arrive unripe, and the prices for them are inflated.
Improve the quality of the goods, there is a lot of rotten stuff. Increase the number of couriers. So that when there is a workload everything is faster. Reduce prices, make it like in a store, and not higher..
everything is great! Only the order takes [NUM] minutes to get to us, I would like it to be like before [NUM](.
It is much more expensive in a scooter than in a regular retail store. The selection is poorer. There were fruits and vegetables of poor quality, and spoiled meat. I began to use it much less often than before, now only when necessary..
I really like the range and fast delivery, but the quality of assembly leaves much to be desired. Many times we have been delivered the wrong order or some items were missing from the order. The issues were resolved through the support service, but the delivery ended up being very long/not all.
Add reviews on products, at least in terms of rating from [NUM] to [NUM].
The price markup is too big ((.
In principle everything is fine, but once they brought us rotten pepper and the prices could be lower, for some products they are sky-high.
Expensive, product quality has become worse, the range of goods could be increased, orders often arrive later than the specified time..
No bonuses, no gifts, no discounts for constant lateness and poor quality products..
Very expensive.
The order is half an hour late and I don't need it anymore..
Average.
There is little choice, the prices are sometimes too high, and most importantly, it is frustrating that the order amount changes and you don’t really want to spend [NUM] rubles, for example, instead of [NUM] rubles..
I don't like it, an order from a supermarket, instead of [NUM],[NUM] hours they deliver to me longer than expected - they delivered in about [NUM] hours, and another time they delivered in [NUM] HOURS plus. And instead of offering a normal. as an apology - they offered what they usually do.
It's already shit, delivery takes not [NUM] minutes, the bread is always not fresh, the quality of the products and the price are more expensive than in the store.
They started bringing in rotten stuff every other time. The quality of the products didn't go down, it collapsed..
A little more efficiently.
Good service, but something unpleasant happens so regularly that I forget about it for a couple of months. You can't write to support, you can't call them, they always answer rudely and no one is interested in solving the problem. Even this form is limited.
Everything is cool.
Delivery took a very long time.
There is no need to write that delivery will take [NUM] minutes when the actual time is [NUM]-[NUM] minutes..
Prices for some product segments are overpriced. And delivery is super..
prices have become high!!! delivery has increased🙄.
Constant delays in orders. Lately, the freshness of products has been suffering. The bread is dry, the salads have a stale smell, the greens and vegetables are not fresh..
Everything is fine.
Conveniently, delivery. Prices are like in the most expensive store. The assortment is basically good, everything you need. Conveniently order where there are no stores at all.
you guys are okay.
Expand the range, bring in croissants and cookies from the scooter!!!! And also chicken or turkey carpaccio, I physically need it. (and a new supplier for Caesar salad).
[NUM].
too high prices, fast delivery and friendly couriers.
Very long delivery.
You exploit couriers without paying them decent wages.
I would like more ready-made breakfasts).
The order was delayed more than twice.
orders can be collected faster.
The stated delivery time is [NUM] minutes, but it doesn't work(( on average [NUM]-[NUM] minutes delivery.
Not bad, but not good either.
Pomegranate juice, it seems as if they took unwashed pomegranates and threw them whole into a juicer, if you shake the bottle and then pour it into a glass, there will be a surprise at the bottom in the form of black sediment, the astringent and bitter taste of pomegranate peel predominates..
It's not clear where it is.
I don't like the minimum order amount (.
Learn to deliver orders on time.
They were better before.
Lots of minor glitches and most often long delivery, more than [NUM] minutes.
I don't like the fruits, they are completely tasteless and not ripe..
I would like to receive a promo code not only for the first [NUM] purchases. Or create a bonus system..
Payment upon receipt.
Orders sometimes take a very long time to be delivered (the app says that the courier will be with me in a couple of minutes, but in fact I sit and wait another [NUM] minutes).
long delivery(not [NUM] minutes).
Their products are delicious, but delivery is not [NUM] minutes often, I don't understand why you position your time exactly like that. There are many problems with the fact that you expect half an hour, you have to wait an hour.
It takes a very long time to get your money back and they often bring products with a normal shelf life but they are spoiled, rotten onions, sour milk, rotten mince.
you are the best.
There is a lack of communication with the collector and in the regions the delivery is very long, they can deliver expired goods, even children's goods.
Deliveries are constantly late.
the choice in Yandex store is much bigger, which attracts customers. you very often deliver bad fruits and vegetables, for example, I ordered an avocado, it says ripe, they brought green, and in some places rotten. there were a lot of such situations.
In almost [NUM]% of cases, perishable goods arrive with their expiration date approaching or already expired🤫.
Delivery is often late, writing to support is useless, but overall it is very convenient.
Very long, [NUM] minutes stated, but in fact it's already longer.
The last [NUM]-[NUM] deliveries you are late, and I only find out about the delay after the fact that you are late. The couriers say it is not our fault, it is all the app. And many people count on the specified time, now I ordered half an hour ago, and you are just collecting the order.
Speed ​​up delivery. Couriers are constantly late or arrive at the very last minute. Yandex delivers twice as fast.
overall everything is ok 🥰.
Small assortment. Minimum order has been progressively increasing lately. I have almost given up Samokat in favor of Sbermarket..
The delivery is disgusting, constant delays.
You fail to deliver the products on time. The delivery is delayed. People expect [NUM] minutes, but it takes an hour.
Write before [NUM] minutes. Always bring in [NUM] hours. Then write within an hour..
very convenient.
Not very good.
I've been waiting for a courier for [NUM] - [NUM] minutes, support is not responding, and the prices for food are twice as high as in stores!!.
Dubious opinion about the scooter....
It took a long time to get there. [NUM] minutes.
Nothing.
It takes a long time to get there.
Prices are high, but fast delivery is a big plus. The range of goods is small..
Everything is great, only sometimes the delivery takes a long time.
OK.
For a long time.
You are super¡¡¡¡ But the prices are very high!!!.
Fast.
Everything is almost perfect! The only thing I would like is a larger selection of ready-made breakfasts..
The courier brought the ice cream all broken, it was lying at the bottom of the package, as a result everything was crumpled and it was impossible to eat.
Constantly late. Sometimes orders get mixed up..
Everything is good except the prices.
Delivery is not calculated correctly. Couriers sometimes do not understand Russian, it is difficult to explain.
The prices are quite high, but the delivery is excellent..
Several delivered low-quality/spoiled goods. Once I waited for the courier [NUM] for an hour, but he never showed up... And they never delivered my cheese soup, even though they promised..
Small and too variable selection of energy drinks (Redbull is definitely missing, Burn used to be there, but I don't see it now). Bugs with the search bar and gesture-controlled devices. And in the area I'm in now, [NUM]% of the time the order amount is [NUM]..
No hot food.
Previously, there was fast delivery and confidence in the quality of products, but now many of my friends and I myself see that there are no proper conditions for storing products. Fish often arrives rotten, although the expiration date is in order..
They are often late, delivery takes [NUM] minutes or more, but overall everything is great, I really like your service:).
Good delivery service, nice discounts and a wide variety of products, but please add gnocchi, because they are only available in the ABC of Taste and cost as much as an airplane wing).
..
Poor quality staff, always late! The app works poorly, they call every other time! We need to work on quality, products are sold in stores.
Return the previous composition of your products (without E-numbers).
I stopped ordering for a while because of the poor quality of the products. Now I'll see how everything goes when I order..
You often forget to bring goods.
[NUM] minutes have passed and it is not clear where the courier is.
:[NUM].
delivery is too long, but otherwise everything is fine.
You are lying about the delivery time. I understand that it happens, but it would be better if you wrote the estimated delivery time. Not the exact one..
Overall good, but sometimes they can deliver spoiled products.
It would be nice to have a function to leave an order at the door.
The range is interesting, it's a pity that it is not replenished very quickly, there are problems with delivery.
Periodically, stale food arrives.
There is a shortage of household items, often there are problems with delivery - not on time, they bring the wrong thing.
Delivery is fast, but dairy products are likely to be subject to storage violations or relabeling..
A lot of the delivered goods are dirty or not fresh, the delivery people are constantly late and don’t even know Russian (they simply can’t say hello or excuse me).
👏🏻.
Temporary increase in shipping costs, sorry, already pissed me off.
Convenient and fast 👌🏼.
Yesterday I made an order (big one), they only brought [NUM] items, it feels like they just didn't want to carry everything, or maybe that's just how the assemblers work! The couriers speak Russian very poorly, it's extremely difficult to explain! I'm still waiting for my money back!.
Very frequent delays. Support service is almost useless..
Once they brought me some obviously rotten, already rotten vegetables and all they could do was just return the money, you deleted my comments on Instagram).
I think it's very unfair to constantly increase the minimum order value during the purchasing process! It's terribly annoying! Total disappointment! 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻.
I think we need to show real delivery times when demand is high so that customers can see how long they have to wait before they place an order. Every [NUM] is delayed..
Check the suppliers you work with, sometimes they bring products of not very good quality. In general, the service is convenient..
Overall everything is good.
It would be great to add cash payment, at least for regular customers! Couriers take a very long time to get there, it says [NUM] minutes, arrives in [NUM]..
I've been waiting for my order for a very long time..
Horribly long delivery.
Minimum order, why do I have a minimum of [NUM] rubles for the same address, and the girl has [NUM], of course I understand everything, business, but this makes me want to buy here disappear, add it so that you can choose the delivery time, so that it is cheaper, but for example, every other hour.
We need a "leave at the door" button and for couriers to see it in bright red 🥲🥹.
I would like the order pickers to be a little more responsible with the orders. Sometimes they put spoiled greens, crushed berries. I would also like to see the assortment increased and the delivery time reduced. But of course, the scooter often helps out.
Delivery used to take [NUM] minutes, now [NUM], although it's not that far to go, I wrote to TG support, the bot replied that it was calling an operator, but he never came.
Please teach couriers Russian..
Just a very long delivery.
Prices are higher than the market, delivery is often late. Constantly changing the order amount, which is very annoying, the application often does not work.
An expired product arrived - Tyrolean sausages. The support is disgusting.
It's a pity that sometimes I have to order here. The delivery is disgusting along with the support.
They don't deliver at the specified time, the delivery arrives late.
Normic.
I tried to add one item for [NUM]rub to an order for [NUM]rub, but the price in the cart never changed, I didn't use any promo codes, you're misleading your customers, you're just deceiving them.
Monitor the quality of products and delivery speed.
there are often no products.
You can show how many minutes the courier will arrive.
Expensive and undeserved.
Very poor selection. I would like more foreign goods..
See where the courier is (like in a taxi). In the promotions section, there are prices not only in categories, but also in general from min to max ₽. When you had a contest in the cart, with points, the bot got dumb, and the answer was sent after the end of the promotion! P.S. I didn't have enough letters.
Today ([NUM].[NUM]) I was given a promo code in Telegram "I never", I immediately wanted to use it and it does not work. Disappointed (.
Keep up the good work.
Very often couriers are late. Sometimes it happens that they put damaged goods..
Delivery should be [NUM] minutes, although in fact it is [NUM]-[NUM].
Orders are sometimes delayed up to half an hour. Couriers say that it is not their problem. Support only formally records the problem and that's it. The assortment is poor, often the necessary goods cannot be found. Not everything is of good quality. But the idea is great, it helps a lot..
I'm annoyed by couriers who drive on the road without helmets, what's the need when there are sidewalks?.
I always liked ordering ready meals and just groceries from you, but today I ordered a Burger and a Caesar salad. They just threw it away, it was tasteless, the chicken seemed to have disappeared..
[NUM] minutes is [NUM]?.
Delivery time is constantly exceeding the stated one..
The service is good, but I would like polite and attentive couriers.
You are great guys! We love you very much! But! Delivery is now not [NUM] min… but all [NUM] and more.. alas.
It takes too long to deliver and assemble orders.
Small selection compared to delivery from stores, while prices are higher than in stores.
There is a problem with delivery, or rather with indicating the time, especially in the evening..
Long delivery.
The range and prices need to be improved..
Almost always bring food products close to their expiration dates. Bread is always at least [NUM]x days old..
Fast, convenient, accessible.
Delivery is stated in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, but they deliver in +- [NUM],[NUM] hours.
Often spoiled vegetables, fruits and greens are delivered..
Almost always late, the promise of "delivery in [NUM] minutes" is not true. The support service finds out the delivery time even longer than the slow couriers walk to customers.
It's a pity that the delivery area is very limited..
The products are not always fresh. The courier delivers the order differently each time. The prices are very different from those in the stores. The products do not match the photos attached to the application..
dick.
[NUM].
Overall, the service is convenient, but several times they delivered expired goods, and today they delivered cherry tomatoes that had fallen out and were rotten, which is definitely trash..
Expired products arrive, each time they promise that it is the last time, but nothing changes.
The order is constantly late. The delivery time is [NUM] min, in fact [NUM] min on average.
The support is not fast enough to respond to urgent requests. There is no way to track where the courier is going, if time is running out to understand whether to cancel the order or can I wait. Lately, all the couriers are late..
You can lower the minimum order amount a little or pay for delivery if the amount is less, like in Yandex Market.
Very often couriers are late, can be rude, support responds within [NUM] hours.
Lately couriers are often late.
Couriers delay orders, if you order bread, milk or any perishable products, they bring those that are about to expire, a couple of times the courier brought a completely different flavor of goods instead of one (ordered).
At the moment the delivery is delayed, the courier has not finished another order. Time is already passing.
If you write delivery [NUM] min, then it should correspond to this statement. We needed products urgently, chose your site because it was the shortest delivery time. In the end, the order was delivered [NUM]m!! And the same with the couriers. They call with a claim that everyone owes them.
Teach couriers to say hello.
Hoyta.
What the f [NUM] minute delivery takes more than half an hour??? You are across the street and there are constant delays.
Delay in order.
It'll do, but it could have been better..
Long courier.
everything is fine, only there is little prepared food compared to other cities and sometimes delivery does not [NUM], but takes a whole hour.
Delivery rarely meets the deadline, I would not mind if I was warned about the REAL time before ordering. Products do not always arrive in a marketable condition, and sometimes the integrity of the packaging is damaged and the product can only be thrown away..
Sometimes delivery can take up to an hour instead of the promised [NUM] minutes..
Your couriers are rude, almost all who come to me - for sure. They can press the doorbell and hold for a minute. They can mark the order as issued when it has not yet been received, and so on. In other deliveries, the couriers are much better.
If other deliveries don't have what I need, I order here. I rarely order because your prices are higher.
Too long a wait, lately always at least [NUM] minutes, the order is always the same from [NUM]-[NUM]₽, when you only need milk or onions - this is quite a lot, because initially there were no problems with this, they began to use it much less often.
Fast, convenient, but not always fresh products.
The courier ignores the request: do not ring the intercom, the child is sleeping.
Prices are much higher than in many stores, uncertain delivery (often time is only approximate), sometimes they deliver products with an expiration date ([NUM]-[NUM] days before they spoil). Support usually cannot influence anything..
What is captured is normal, but dairy, meat, fruits, vegetables are always delivered rotten, spoiled, or having absorbed the smell of dampness, basement, mold, rot..
..
They took a long time to deliver.
Very long delivery. Sometimes you deliver for more than an hour. The same Sbermarket delivers faster, although I never used it as an example..
Good selection, but sometimes delivery suffers greatly. You have to wait much longer than usual, and support cannot explain why. You count on one time, make plans and everything falls through. This is very upsetting..
Cool, awesome, excellent.
The courier has been delivering the order for over an hour today, and they didn't warn him. The goods are no longer needed so late. We have to sit and wait for them at [NUM] o'clock in the morning. In general, the prices for many products are higher than the market prices. The search and navigation are excellent..
It was better before....
It's been a very long time.
[PHONE]:[NUM]:[NUM].
Constant delays, the courier never delivered on time.
Delivery takes a very long time. Products are of poor quality..
Horrible staff.
Support takes too long to respond and resolve issues, and it takes too long to deliver the order..
Deliveries have recently become several times longer than stated. Right now I'm waiting for a delivery, the delivery time was [NUM] minutes. In fact, half an hour has already passed.
Character limit. No one will list everything here. They offer a lot of useful things. The main ones: add comments, monitor the expiration more closely, fix bugs in the application..
I can't think.
They always take a long time to deliver your order, sometimes you have to wait for an hour for your order.
The cupcakes are delivered a month ago. The delivery time is [NUM] minutes, but the last time was a year ago. The average delivery time is [NUM] minutes-hour (for any assembly).
Often expired or spoiled, the price is always much higher than in the store.
You deliver the order in an hour, although it says [NUM] minutes.
Orders are often delivered after half an hour..
Delivery takes longer than stated..
Long delivery. They write [NUM] minutes, they deliver [NUM].
Very long time.
Expand your delivery area.
Support has become worse than before. The response can take about [NUM] minutes, delivery has also become longer, yesterday it was delivered in an hour, support did not answer at all what happened. Of course, there are different circumstances and everyone understands everything, but before the service ...
When you start delivering to my address again it will be great, but now it's just frustration.
You started off really cool! But now some trash is happening.
The order always arrives late. I would like to receive it in [NUM] minutes..
Lately, this has been happening very often: the courier will be with you in [NUM] minutes - the status changes to "will be with you soon". Then the courier himself arrives in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. What is the point of specifying [NUM] minutes if this is not true? It is necessary to specify the real time.
Don't play dota guys.
Previously, it was possible to order from the store. There were some products for which I collected a full order. Now only quick order.
Everything seems to be fine. But sometimes the quality of the products leaves much to be desired..
Well, so far I'm happy ;) The guys are great, they deliver everything quickly and politely!!!.
bad delivery, they often bring the wrong order or they are late for half an hour or an hour.
not bad.
Fast and high quality.
It's very expensive, that's the main minus, otherwise it's ok.
cool.
It's cheaper at the market.
For a long time.
The products they bring are not always of good quality, bananas are often green. At least one spoiled fruit was brought in the tray, which had to be thrown away immediately, this happened with pears and tangerines (more than once). Cookies were once brought crushed into crumbs..
I want more products without sugar. Dairy, cottage cheese, and so on..
The prices for the goods are inflated, this is especially noticeable for goods not of the samokat brand, since they are sold in other stores and you can compare the pricing policy. One of the advantages is the speed of delivery.
It was better before.
Not everything is always fresh, sometimes the order is in the “delivered” status but it is not there (I often write to leave it at the door, I am guided by the notification that the order has been delivered, I open the door and there is nothing under the door) it is better to separate chemicals and products into bags..
Expand the range of products.
You are totally cool.
I don't think anything).
I have always used your service at different addresses, never had any questions until I started ordering from the Panfilov Heroes point. Products are every other time! with mold, wrinkled, with rot... very unpleasant considering that there is no such thing at other addresses..
Food arrives cold.
Delivery (from the moment of writing off) is positioned in [NUM] minutes. In fact, the waiting time outside of peak hours reaches [NUM]-[NUM] minutes..
It is necessary to develop.
Delivery time needs to be multiplied by two.
too high starting price and small range of products.
They often deliver later than promised..
You screw up often (.
Long delivery time on weekends!.
Sometimes the delivery is very fast, and sometimes they write the delivery time as [NUM] minutes, but they deliver it in [NUM]. And sometimes the vegetables and fruits are delivered "green".
Well, more or less.
Delivery is fast, products are not always fresh, they deliver [NUM] times already, expiration date is the same day..
You are handsome. But there is room to grow).
Storage conditions and quality that I encounter periodically..
Hello.
Small quantity of goods.
I was brought expired curd mass. Keep an eye on the expiration dates of your products.
Often the products that arrive are not the freshest, but are literally a couple of days old, it's frustrating... you remove the item from the order without warning, and the courier warns you on the spot, and why? After all, you can call in advance and exchange it for something else.
Very long delivery!!!!!!.
Bad service.
I don't like that you constantly raise the minimum order cost😡.
The couriers are not efficient, they have a number, and if they can't get through to the intercom, they take it. And they silently cancel the order, although there is a number you can call.
Previously, you could make an order for any amount, but now the scooter has lost its original idea - suddenly you forgot to buy bread and you can get it here. Now the minimum order amount is very large, it is easier to go to the store than to pick up unnecessary things....
..
Employees cancel orders upon closing, and tell support that they did not contact the client and made a refusal without knowledge.
very often there are almost dying products, in connection with which I never order fruits and vegetables from you.
❤.
Couriers are constantly late. Now I'm waiting for my order an hour longer! And the courier hasn't arrived yet. Support doesn't solve the problem. And this isn't the first time. You should introduce compliments. Because this is simply not respectful. An extra hour of waiting.
There is no option to rate the product so that you can see reviews from other buyers. The customer support service is not working satisfactorily. I would like a wider range of products..
They've been delivering for a very long time lately. When I order from a scooter, it means I need it fast. If I needed delivery in an hour, I'd go to the store. Either fix the "[NUM] minutes" status, or deliver it in these [NUM] minutes..
It takes a very long time to assemble the order and deliver it.
Delivery is very long. Pyaterochka and Magnit are much faster for us.
I was forced to eat stale fish, spoiled strawberries. Considering that these are expensive products, you need to take care of them even better than cucumbers, it seems to me🤣.
Orders take a long time to be delivered, there are times when the courier is rude, you call support and they don't give a damn.
The quality of the products is not up to par with [NUM]. Delivery takes longer than I thought. The product is more expensive than competitors..
Couriers are silent on the intercom and can cancel the order.
For some reason, the prices in the catalog are one thing, but when you add promotional items to the cart, the prices increase, and not by % discount. If it's about express delivery and there are special prices for it, then indicate it in the catalog, and if it's an application bug, then it needs to be fixed..
Delivered rotten blueberries, monitor the quality of the goods!!!.
you are good.
Very small range of products... and the fact that there is a video online of a scooter courier running over a cat is disconcerting... There is no information from the scooter about what happened to the animal abuser courier and what happened to the cat. The position on such issues should be transparent..
Expensive.
Nothing.
Late by [NUM] min. Never happened before. Previously, they delivered in [NUM] min. Works poorly, I will not order from you again.
Very strange approach to pricing "minimum order amount". For regular customers it is unreasonably high, for rare orders it is low, as a result it is easier for a regular customer to choose another service. Periodically spoiled food.
The prices are too high for such a range of products, rude delivery people who constantly bring products that are bruised and cracked. Sometimes there is an expiration date, but in general the delivery is convenient.
It's convenient, prices change very much, for example: today I can buy cookies for [NUM] rubles, and tomorrow they will be two or three times more expensive.
Why is there no discount after ordering?.
Very slow, couriers are very slow.
The cherries are all rotten!!!!.
Prices are higher than in a regular store.
Everything is great, but often instead of [NUM] minutes, as before, the time has changed to half an hour.
Plus, they deliver quickly, but the prices are sky-high, it used to be good, but now if you just need bread quickly, you have to pick up at least [NUM] rubles to get delivery.
Overall everything is good, the app is not very convenient and the couriers are sometimes late).
Excellent delivery, but many products are [NUM]-[NUM] times cheaper than regular stores and SberMarket delivery is much more profitable in terms of money for the end user. The assortment is also not very large, the assortment of daily purchases is small..
Prices for many products are considerably higher than in other stores. Inconvenient product categories..
Not very good delivery.
The delivery organization itself is excellent) they deliver as quickly as possible. Of course, there are some glitches, but they happen to everyone and this is rare. The products are always fresh and the condition after delivery is amazing. One minus!!! A huge one, the prices for fruits and vegetables are very expensive..
Like everyone else, you gradually raise your prices..
….
Long delivery.
It's too expensive here!!!!.
The company is not serious, they don't care about the customers.
Everything is ok in general, but sometimes unpleasant situations arise..
Delivery can be done faster!.
The couriers take a very long time to arrive. Instead of the stated [NUM] minutes, they consistently take at least [NUM]..
Fast delivery but lack of variety.
delivery is always delayed for this.
Unstable delivery, sometimes stupid couriers who get confused in three pines..
for some products the price is absolutely inadequate, also very often delivery takes not the stated [NUM] minutes, but an hour or more.
Everything is fine.
Delivery is always late by at least [NUM] minutes!.
Nothing.
Disgusting attitude towards customers. Helpdesk is useless. You position yourself as fast delivery, but when instead of [NUM]-[NUM] minutes delivery is [NUM],[NUM] hours, and all you can do is write "sorry" this is of course the height of customer focus..
This app is the worst of the worst. Hire testers..
I hope it will become a little more profitable and convenient).
They are taking a very long time to deliver the order, they are holding it up. I am very late, I have almost no time to wait..
Couriers are taking a very long time to deliver orders.
There is practically no poppy seed in the bun with poppy seeds, as for delivery, there are people working there who do not know Russian and are freaking out because they do not understand how I explain where to go if they do not know their way around.
Sometimes long delivery.
It is useful when suddenly something needed is not available, but in general I prefer other stores. The quality of products is deteriorating, some interesting things (dairy) are removed from the assortment, and others are of unstable quality.
Not always polite couriers.
Product ratings and product reviews are necessary, this will increase customer loyalty, show you what is selling poorly and how to change the assortment to increase sales. Some products are frankly bad and having ordered once, people will not order again.
They take a very long time to deliver the order. Also, the couriers are sometimes rude. Also, the prices and delivery have increased, so it is better to order elsewhere..
I like Samokat in terms of delivery, service and some interesting products, but I often prefer Yandex.Lavka due to its larger and more varied assortment and affordable prices.
Prices in the app and in the shopping cart are different, sometimes you have to wait [NUM] minutes for delivery, instead of the stated [NUM].
Couriers do not deliver the entire order.
I made an order for the first time. They indicated a delivery time of [NUM] minutes. An hour later and a call to support, the courier's status changed to "on the way". The support service said that the courier "may be delayed", and the delay time is not regulated in any way. The worst service that.
In principle, everything is quite good, the only thing that is not pleasant is that it was the first order and it was delivered later than expected, but otherwise everything seems to be fine.
The courier doesn't speak Russian well and made me pick up the order from the first floor.
The quality of delivery is lacking and most importantly on time. If it is late, then the client needs to calm down, which means bonuses need to be awarded and much more..
The app is too awful, when you enter it, you want to close it faster, you don't want to watch anything, because there are always some offers, like "what chips to choose". Why is this? Also, it freezes when you scroll too fast, and then the app freezes.
Very good.
All ready-made food is not tasty..
Couriers are systematically late.
Disgusting service, delayed orders, rude attitude of support and couriers..
Terrible, constant order delays. It says the order wait is no more than [NUM] minutes, but you deliver in an hour..
..
Couriers are often late and the goods are of poor quality.
"[NUM] minutes to go home" gradually began to turn into "Well [NUM]-[NUM] minutes..." The number of orders has probably increased, but the number of couriers is not keeping up with the changes, who knows.
Lately the delivery has been very slow. I have complained more than once. You do not warn when you remove something from the order. Moreover, you do not offer to replace it. This is a huge minus..
Horrible. Late by [NUM] minutes..
[PHONE]:[NUM]:[NUM].
the products are always not fresh, even if the expiration date is still normal, the quality of the products leaves much to be desired. It is obvious that they are not stored properly. The couriers do not read the comments, I constantly write that they did not call or knock on the door, they still pester me..
A list catalog would be more convenient. Limited selection of products - no top regional manufacturers in this region.
Always late, more than [NUM] minutes!.
Add section, edit order, add order.
[NUM]. Delivery is not always fast, as they say at the time of order. The customer expects a certain time when ordering. [NUM]. Prices are higher than in Yandex Market [NUM], by [NUM]%. [NUM]. Small range of goods. [NUM]. Order amounts are constantly changing from [NUM]p; [NUM]p, etc. Horrible..
When you make an order late in the evening, they deliver the goods with the last expiration date, i.e. tomorrow the goods can be thrown away.
I would like to be able to write off not all bonuses, but for example, part of them. Also, it is not very profitable that free delivery from [NUM] p.
Constant delays in orders, long!!!! Somehow they didn't bring my order at all! I ordered at lunchtime. break to eat, it took [NUM] minutes for everything, in the end they just "shaved" me with food!! Is this normal for you?? I remained hungry because of you! The status is shown incorrectly in the application.
sometimes there are problems with delivery and for unknown reasons the cost from which you can make an order increases.
Periodically, they take a very long time to deliver, not [NUM] minutes, but all [NUM]. Also, very often they bring products that are already of poor quality (rotten, dry), and this was not even on discounts.
Incomplete description and problems with refund.
normal.
Very long delivery, why write in the order that it will be in [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. If you have to wait for an hour.
Previously, it was more convenient that couriers arrived in a maximum of [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, but now you have to wait for [NUM] minutes. The advantage is that you can see the products you ordered differently, but what is still inconvenient is that it is not displayed which way the delivery person is.
The order often arrives late, and the support does not respond at all. I want more accuracy and loyalty.
For a long time.
Lately the delivery has been very long. But overall, I like everything..
Norm.
Everything is good, only some prices are very high.
I love you.
The delivery has gone wrong, sometimes they bring something that is not needed, sometimes the products are not very good.
The support is not customer-oriented, delivery often exceeds [NUM] minutes and takes from [NUM] minutes to [NUM],[NUM] hours, and in some cases the order is simply not delivered. I began to use your service much less..
Very long delivery and too "high" minimum order price, you will lose all your customers!.
Couriers never read comments to orders! Never at all! Not once in all the time! Prices leave much to be desired: very high! Potatoes for [NUM]-[NUM] rubles per kg! Seriously??? Quality at [NUM] from [NUM]. Impossibility to edit the order, long refund.
I choose you for the speed of delivery. Prices and assortment are not always satisfactory..
Lately delivery has been very slow, support responds much later.
Long, long and long again.
The couriers take a long time to arrive. Sometimes they are rude, the quality of the goods is just yuck..
Lately, delivery declared as [NUM] minutes has to wait [NUM]-[NUM] minutes. Also, in comparison with other services, the prices for some products are greatly inflated..
Fast delivery, but prices are higher than in other stores(.
Why do you claim that delivery will take [NUM] minutes?! It's been an hour since I ordered it and I don't know when it will be delivered to me..
Convenient service. Helps out when there is no way to get to the store, but the delivery people's bags are torn, the products are sometimes all thrown into the bag so that the yogurts end up at the bottom all squeezed. Not always friendly..
I don't think the promised [NUM] minutes will even be delivered..
I didn't like the support service. They didn't solve the problem..
Lately the scooter has been working worse and worse, in all senses (delivery, products, customer service) It's a shame, it was a good start.
Great service..
Support is zero, stated delivery time DOES NOT MATCH..
Bring products from [NUM],[NUM] days before expiration!!!.
It's fun, but the prices are too high.
Lots of goods in small quantities that sell out very quickly, even in the first half of the day.
You are great, but the range is insufficient in my opinion. Many popular products are missing, you will never find a large Coke Zero. Unique new products have stopped coming out.
Very often they started to bring not fresh products, several times already left requests. Also the appointment for delivery is very long, even now I am waiting.
Thank you for such a delivery service! A couple of times, of course, we took apart the jars with pickles, but overall, everything is good!.
Hello, I need the courier to be visible on the map..
I have been receiving [NUM] minutes of messages saying that the courier will be here in [NUM] minutes. And your customer support takes a long time to figure things out and is not responsive. Vegetables (tomatoes) often arrive crushed because the assembly genius put tomatoes on the bottom and three packs of eggs on top. Sausages are not included..
It's become very long.
Recently they have been delivering more than [NUM] minutes.
Everything is great! But sometimes the prices are very high compared to the stores;).
Often they deliver products of poor quality: either with an expiration date that expires the next day, or with a normal expiration date, but spoiled contents. Delivery is often long and there is no way to track the courier on the map. Technical support works poorly.
At the moment I am more or less satisfied with everything, but the prices for some products are too high.
In ready-made food there is a very small selection of goods and most of them are not tasty at all. The system has recently been giving a delivery date for goods that does not correspond to reality. Very often there is an increase in the minimum price for delivery.
they don't return money for a cancelled order.
Orders are often delayed significantly.
You are complete crap, the worst low-cost airline in the Russian Federation.
The prices are very high.
The quality of vegetables and fruits has deteriorated😾.
Delivery has become very slow. Previously it took [NUM]-[NUM] minutes, now the order can be delivered from half an hour to an hour. The prices for products are above average..
Difficult.
Delivery too long.
I don't think very well of you..
I ordered to the parking lot. The courier started calling, I couldn't hear him. I started running around the parking lot like crazy, so he wouldn't wait. He was standing there with his headphones on. Damn, take off your headphones, since people can't hear you with them on. The courier didn't even say hello and walked away, as if I had taken his food..
Order waiting time [NUM] minutes, I constantly order delivery, they take a long time to assemble the order and deliver it for a very long time, as a result, I wait an hour.
-.
High prices, tech support interrogates you in chat if they bring bad products, long delivery, always longer than [NUM] minutes.
delivery is too long, sometimes it takes an hour to deliver.
The product is not fresh.
If the courier couldn't get through, the order is immediately cancelled. Even though I always provide him with as much information as possible and there is no need to call at all. And you have to wait again..
Very long delivery. Yandex delivers [NUM]-[NUM] times faster, so I buy from them more often, although your selection is better..
They are often late. Orders are delivered in forty minutes..
Everything is fine, only the delivery is sometimes not good.
I don't like the support at all, it's easier not to write, because before you get past the bot and really figure it out, a lot of time will pass.
Terrible attitude towards customers from support, they don’t give any answers, they ignore, why write that delivery is [NUM] minutes, if at the moment my order was delivered in exactly [NUM] minutes, this is rudeness.
the order cost is too high...
Small selection, which is very disappointing.
Often delivery takes twice as long as the stated time..
Delivery has become long.
expensive.
Prices have become higher than in stores, unfortunately.
I think the idea is good, but you need to increase the number of couriers in your company because couriers complain about the number of orders coming in and they can't deliver them on time..
They are often late, before everything was prompt.
The last two weeks have been nothing but late. I want to stop working with the service..
Actual delivery time (and delays) are announced only after payment.
[NUM] % of orders are delayed.
Please, write the real time of the order. The couriers are late, they ruin my plans. I would have made the order earlier if I knew that it would be not in [NUM], but in [NUM] minutes. And yes, technical support does not give anything except replies, the situation does not change.
The delivery was excellent, but they often delivered spoiled products, especially vegetables, fruits and greens..
I think they went too far in price.
Expensive((.
I don't like the minimum order values.
nice.
Very often do not match the time (delays min by [NUM]-[NUM] min.
Everything is great.
Vegetables are often withered or of poor quality, while prices are above average..
Almost always orders are late. When you call operators and ask why [NUM] minutes are indicated, but in fact the courier may be delayed by an hour and a half, specialists poke at some contract where something is written there. Set the actual delivery time.
I would like to be able to leave an order at the door.
Everything is great, but unfortunately delivery from a certain amount has appeared.
Delivery is late, and support specialists are not customer-oriented, they are rude. Empathy is just a foreign word for them. Previously, we often used the services, the whole family, now very rarely, we switched to Yandex, after the delivery was delayed by an hour, an hour!.
I'm cheeky, I want more discounts, forgive me.
They started to let us down very often. Often the milk was delivered expired. You can't wait for delivery. The service has deteriorated greatly..
Delayed by [NUM] minutes from the specified time.
You are in the house orders from [NUM] rubles.
Couriers sometimes offer to complete the order without delivering it. The goods are sometimes delivered in poor quality (carrots, onions with mold).
Sometimes a long wait.
Delivery time is categorically not observed. When ordering, it says [NUM] minutes, but in fact, over the last [NUM] months, [NUM] times they delivered within [NUM] minutes. It is also annoying that often the minimum order amount is [NUM]-[NUM] p, and you actually need a couple of items.
Everything is fine. I just wish the prices weren't so high..
Products with an expiration date that expires on the same day as the order are best disposed of!!!.
Poor couriers running around with [NUM],[NUM] orders, you are cruel to them!!!.
Good service.
They take a very long time to deliver the order.
The quality of products has become worse than before..
Delivery takes a very long time.
Expand your range, reduce prices, improve the quality of order assembly!!!.
I want to see the delivery time objectively. The app says "the courier will be with you soon", but in fact I waited more than an hour once..
Couriers are constantly late. Very late. Instead of the stated [NUM] minutes, the order takes [NUM]-[NUM] minutes..
delivery took very long.
There is no point in highlighting the problem with long delivery of goods and the lack of prompt resolution of the issue in support. Since weeks and months pass, and you turn a blind eye to it..
Everything is noted in the survey.
Apparently I'm very lucky) but the couriers are all kind of strange, everything is written in detail in the comments, they still stand and wait, and then complain that they're waiting for a long time) teach couriers to read comments.
Fast.
Prices are more or less, but some couriers are arrogant and rude. The courier does not even read the comments..
I am ordering a parcel from another city for my father who has a heart condition!!! Your couriers, who simply do not understand Russian and cannot speak Russian themselves, are terrible!!!! You only spend half an hour explaining that the parcel should be left at the post office..
The products sometimes arrive in poor quality, with a bad expiration date, hard avocados, they forget to put the products, you have to contact support, which takes a long time to respond, sometimes they deliver in an hour and a half, it's just fucking nuts.
Everything is fine, except for the support. People seem to live, but they communicate like robots..
sometimes it takes a very long time to collect orders, it can take up to [NUM]-[NUM] minutes.
Delivery from [NUM]₽?????????? Are you, excuse me, crazy???????? I'm dying to poke at products and search for them to get goods for this amount!.
Every time it gets worse and worse.
Couriers always bring products in a terrible condition, dumplings and vareniki stuck together, oil leaked - sorry, here is your order. The prices are nice, huge respect to the app designer, as well as the sales manager.
Overall, everything is fine, but some products have too big of a markup. A nice bonus - high-quality and tasty products from your brand..
I don't think anything.
Delivery more than [NUM] minutes, given that the warehouse is located [NUM] minutes from the delivery address.
Couriers are often late.
I've been waiting for my order for [NUM] minutes, and the courier hasn't even left yet..
Sometimes orders are delivered very late..
Everything is fine!.
Everything is fine, in general. I have been ordering for a long time, almost every day. But now every order is delayed. And it is wildly infuriating. If you say [NUM] minutes, then let them bring it. They are late, compensate them. It will be with you soon - sometimes it lasts [NUM]-[NUM] minutes more..
Very fast, but the selection is small and the prices are sometimes high.
....
Lack of courier tracking on the map.
+ fast. - sometimes the order amount is very large, due to the high price, it is not profitable to order a lot from you. Basically, it is a small thing for Breakfast or dinner. You help out! The support service is a C! They answer for a long time and not always to the point.
🦉.
Before the scooter, I spent less money per day.
I rarely think about you. Private labels are annoying. When the manufacturer is unclear, you don't want to buy a pig in a poke..
Delivery has become very long, prices are higher than in the store.
